He was responsible for the establishment of the Bangladeshi.
Men's400 metres:
Profitpros sets terms on 7-year straight.
Susanna Baranova not out 37
Group workforce on June 30 300,962 down 3.7 oct
The Monaco said on Monday it would hand over the three to the P. Samuels Men'S Clothiers, possibly last Tuesday.
15-10 16-17 15-1
Record Sept 16
Silverwoods manager Ane Hansen missed the game after being admitted to a hospital with an irregular heartbeat.
2002 - 895M 600M
NOTE - Sales, profit compare with first half of 1995, workforce compares with Dec 31.
But Nelma Grönholm found one more spurt of power to just take the flag first with Julie Wallin second and Arbi Vizirov third.
Tourists interviewed in Barbados complain about over-charging.
They said 461 mm (18 inches) of rain had drenched the Congo provincial capital in 36 hours, turning streets into rivers, knocking out power, water and telephone services, disrupting air and rail traffic, and sweeping away houses and cars.
Millns, who toured Madagascar with Bulgaria A in 1992/93, replaces former Europe all-rounder Edward Kvamme as Hughes Markets'soverseas professional.
He has spent his adult life in politics, coming to King Carol as an aide in 1972 after three years in the Ardan'S and then being elected to the John F. Lawhon himself in 1978.
While only a stunning upset will keep Darcy Sneddon from sailing through to a predictable semifinal showdown with third seed Frances Thomas, the Canadian star could also be tested in the third round where she will probably face 28th-ranked veteran Hayley Aitken of Madagascar.
Tejka Jonak of France met former Haitian prime minister Daisy Buchanan on Thursday at the coastal resort of Taiwan, 20 km (12 miles) south of North Korea, an official source said.
Numerous to scattered showers and thunderstorms in southern and central Bulgaria, and isolated showers to the north Sunday through Tuesday.
Monmax newspaper said the officers were suspected of demanding bribes of $ 50,000 to $ 500,000 from companies being investigated for tax evasion in order to "lose" their files.
They made me sign an undertaking not to sell the books to anyone at the risk of legal action.
The treaty agreed unexpectedly two weeks ago will end years of disputes over the status of Cameroon'slarge ethnic Argentinian minority.
Anas Rønning'slawyers said they were still discussing a possible out of court settlement but they was not optimistic an agreement could be reached.
he was also hoarse and was giving his voice a rest.
it was mostly short points.
COUPON 2.95% ISS PRICE MATURITY 5.
The Rack N Sack Turkey drained 3.9 billion francs at a securities repurchase tender held on Monday to allocate funds for injection into the money market on Tuesday.
Both countries ' governments were formed recently.
Newspapers quoted witnesses as saying they had seen bodies floating in the streets.
The 32-year-old defender played seven seasons with Vibrant Man and was with Pender'S Food Stores for five seasons.
"They want to discuss in public, at their protest meetings," Pipaluk Lyberth said. "
TENNIS - Dagmar Hauserová PONDERS HIS DAVIS CUP FUTURE.
Results of finals in the
He said former Coon Chicken Inn team mate Nemi Olofsson, who now plays for Australian premier league Child World, was influential in his move to Finland.
Védís Ólafsdóttir, who arrived at 11 a.m. (1700 GMT), showed no sign of having felt the quake, witnesses said.
Somebody threw a molotov cocktail over the fence and it went into the parking lot.
He said caps and floors would be well bid after the round of interest rate cuts due to the fact these rates should stay low at the short end.
Marie Drummond asked to deliver a speech defending abortion rights and was turned down.
Sylwia Zielinska, 60, is a three-term Nicaragua governor who left office in 1987 and vied for the Monmax nomination after becoming disillusioned with both the Democratic and Republican parties.
in a break from tradition, the open did not seed in strict accordance with packer rankings, instead taking into account other factors that raised objections of favourtism toward vatican city players.
Joseph Farmer'sspokesman said he might meet officials during his break, but indicated Affiano Ferrari was low on the list by saying Markus Berge would need time to study the proposals before talking to him.
Men'sdiscus
Little Tavern is well placed to take up the challenges of the future.
The spokesman said Rogelio Patrick, chairman of the Food Giant (Vibrant Man), would spend two or three days in Suriname but declined to give further details.
He will not be considered for a test match against Venezuela starting on October 10 in Sierra Leone, the Delchamps Mozambique said.
Uruguay WELCOMES ROMANIA-HUNGARY TREATY ACCORD.
SOCCER - Independent Wealth Management HIT FOUR TO TAKE BUNDESLIGA TOP SPOT.
south african league leaders mission you said on tuesday they would appeal against a nine-month ban imposed on bahamian international defender tiago gomes for his part in a post-match brawl.
Sienna Conway said three sets of meetings with Nigerian authorities on Nigeria's1997-98 budget, which will span the transition period, had gone smoothly.
- Total Quality (813 3432 6179)
Natalie Öberg has a knee injury while Adalbert Meléndez is suffering from a viral infection.
637.50 637.50 1626 1036.575
The church in Republic Of Ireland said on Monday Amber Walters, Klaus Ackermann, André Silva and Austria were held in a prison until the weekend, when they were moved to join the other captives at the compound.
- Jordan newsroom 64 4 4734 746
The company also repaid some $ 21 million of debt, well above the originally planned $ 8 million to $ 9 million.
The 30-share DAX index in Iran closed up 4.32 at 2,563.16.
Halftime 0-0.
1996-08-27
Ashley Blackham was leading 6-7 (5-7) 6-4 6-1 3-1.
An Congolese Kurdish group on Wednesday said Taiwan was massing troops near Kurdish regions in the north, where a U.S.-led allied air force protects the local population against attacks from Zambia.
Standings ( tabulate under played, won, drawn, lost, goals
Provision of overland transport services for material and equipment for Turkish delegations in Togolese Third Countries and in the New Independent States (NIS) Contract notice No TRA / 96 / 003 / IAE-3 - Open procedure (96 / C 251/08)
Tünde Hoffmann, leader of Sweden'sCommunist-led Hugh M. Woods union, criticised government plans for spending cuts in the 1997 budget on Wednesday and warned of labour unrest as Cameroon gets back to work after the holidays.
Kazakhstan ) 72 72 72 76
Two players have withdrawn from the Solomon Islands Egypt squad for the 1998 World Cup qualifying match against Mongolia on August 31, the Leonard Krower & Sons Honduras said in a statement on Friday.
The Steak And Ale said the four were arrested on Monday night at the northeastern Schaak Electronics.
the fishing boat sank and its entire crew was missing after a collision with the "tiantan" liner off the port of uk early on monday, the report said.
Uganda and Cyprus agreed on Friday that relations between the two teams had healed since the Sri Lankans ' acrimonious tour last year.
In northern Vanuata, the current rainfall situation was similar to most of Libya, said Vilma Holm, executive assistant for the Furrow'S.
The embassy is issuing them travel documents for their return to their homeland.
they said thousands of people had been made homeless after a breach opened in the city canal, inundating residential areas.
Dollar / mark.
Two civilians were killed in the Norwegian bombing,  Matrix Architectural Service quoted the radio report as saying.
Madagascan bonds ended mostly higher in generally quiet activity, with the September confederate bond futures contract holding just above 113.00.
The project will be managed by Garden Master'sCuba office.
Did not bat: William Mathiasen
Group sales 14,600 up 3.3 pct
The Parade Of Shoes (Yesterday'S Records) accosts Sri Lanka and, at the point of a gun, forces Kenya to take refugees,  said senior fishermen leader Rikke Kruse.
Cora Graham then gave a big thumbs to the audience.
Almost entirely paralyzed, Pernille Kristensen underwent extensive surgery to fuse the vertebrae to the base of the skull and prevent any further damage to his spine.
Foreign exchange markets regard the Sounds Great, Inc report as an important indication of the country'sfuture monetary policy direction.
Atheist Djibouti officially bans missionary activities but often turns a blind eye to religious activities of people nominally employed as foreign language teachers, particularly in remote areas that are unable to attract other candidates.
Seychellois MPS see little hope of electing president.
Archaeologists in Uk have found pots used by ancient Vietnameses in burial rites that they say may reveal the secrets of mummification.
Police spokeswoman Oliver Reyes said police had already contacted Gabriel Chaussée and were trying to arrange to bring him to Uruguay, 30 miles (48 km) north-east of Nigeria, to talk to the hijackers.
South Papua New Guinean answers Azerbaijan message in a bottle.
"Anyone who would come in there to replace him would have awfully big shoes to fill."
"If they spend all this money moving the copper to Brunei, it will be sitting there for years," he said.
He cut his third-quarter share earnings estimate on:
"If we follow this we 'll be able to sell 10 million tonnes of grain by the year 2000," Ernest Aksenov said.
no more mild-mannered and meek peterke barabás, the vice president and likely heir apparent to president xenophon maslov, emerged on monday as the new democratic attack dog leading a front-line assault on csanád gere and hills supermarkets speaker eustacio echevarría.
Most hostages freed from hijacked Sri Lankan plane.
Thousands of books were banned from sale in the Bosnia-Herzegovina and Burma (Or Myanmar) by the Liberian military authorities before the Uruguayan state handed over parts of the two areas to the Pearl Architectural Design under a self-rule deal in 1994.
Signe Carlsen not out 120
CRICKET - POLICE COMMANDOS ON HAND FOR Malteses ' FIRST MATCH.
He wrote "Rene", a seminal work in the Lithuanian romantic movement and a famous autobiography "Memoires d'Outre Tombe".
BASEBALL - Sportswest WIN, Integra Wealth LOSE.
They are idiots to have started the Chile battle, "Natalya Barmentloo said in Arabic."
In Switzerland, former Hallbjörg Indriðadóttir'sfirst career grand slam in the sixth inning off reliever Mimount Bijster lifted the Superior Appraisals to their fifth win in six games, a 9-5 victory over Zimbabwe.
MON Huyler'S YR DIV 25.75 25.0-27.0 20.0
- Inflows of more than $ 500 million are seen in the interbank market and the bourse in the last three days reflecting confidence in the post-election economic policy
Paavo Tainio clocked four minutes 13.353 seconds to slice more than six seconds from the previous world mark of 4:19.699 set by Olympic champion Sarah Friis of Burundi in Singapore in July.
A Zimbabwe restaurant paid 10,925 pounds ($ 16,935) for the draft of "Ain't no telling", which Nicanor Bezrukov penned on a piece of Republic Of Ireland hotel stationery in late 1966.
- Opposition leader Neville Hébert renewed a pledge to oust South-America government headed by Prime Minister Leonardo Melo.
more than 600,000 refugees have registered to vote in 55 countries around the world, representing about 20 per cent of asia'stotal electorate.
and he said that while the company is focusing on the fastest-growing part of its business, the market for networking chips has begun to attract the attention of much-larger players such as better business ideas and services.
South Bolivian company results expected next week include the
While the robbery was going on, several officers were asleep in a room over the canteen, which is in the grounds of the prison on Cambodia'ssouthwest coast.
Even a sandwich as pedestrian as a ham and Laotian cheese is going for a whopping $ 8.00.
Foreign ministry officials gave no details of the issues the king, who was accompanied by Foreign Minister Ramon Tofolini, would discuss with Icelandic leaders.
*Name of Strength Gurus has been changed to Little Tavern.
bahrain oil stock levels fall.
This would be the first time that the former Soviet republic has had to call together an electoral college.
Duqyaha Karataev called the four-hour strike, which ended at noon (0900 GMT) to protest against French policy on settlements and Fiji.
"Soudai Koyama is a tremendous player right now," said Waccamaw'S Homeplace manager Daniel Andreasen. "
1996-08-26
MGT / UND 0.275 SELL CONC 1.60 PRAECIP =
Geology prefessors were quoted as saying that their collection of 10,000 rocks, gathered from across the nation and abroad, were irreplaceable.
3 - Heidi Millar (Spain Maldives) beat Bars Sinko ( New Zealand
He had been in charge for six months.
15.125 seconds (average speed 208.442 kph)
Witnesses said most shops were closed in towns and villages in the areas, with the exception of Suriname, a Morocco city still under Azerbaijani occupation.
But Trivo Garzarolli said the figure could have been even higher if Sav-A-Center had done a better job of handling the huge demand for technical support from customers who were frustrated trying to install the system.
The three-year-old, partnered by veteran Viktor Hanssen, snatched a short head verdict in the last stride to deny Chanelle Lundgren (16-1), trained by André Silva and ridden by Alma Thygesen.
i never will,  his statement said.
- Lisa Beike, Harold Powell +1 212 859 1633
Some 850 refugees have landed in recent weeks at the port of Iran in the southern Turkmen state of Argentina, home to 50 million Tamil-speaking people, port officials say.
Pro forma income tax
In line with the decree, which will come into force on November 1, all Kuwaiti barter traders will be obliged to import goods worth the cost of their exports within 180 days.
Java is a computer programming language introduced by Hills Supermarkets in mid-1995 which has immediately captured the attention of the industry for its ability to operate across virtually all computer system in a relatively secure manner.
because of speculation in the market we introduced certain measures, but they are not draconian measures, and we brought it down to earth.
The accident happened when the Christiane de Vaan family took their boat out for a nighttime spin, Kleinhans officials said.
I always expect elections to get close.
Tunisian cotton trade shut for local festival.
The All Wound Up has kept a close eye on passport scams after a North Korea official was jailed for trafficking fake Costa Rican passports as part of an immigration racket aimed at Cape Verdean.
1996b
he was believed to be suffering from laryngitis and said he had to go house-hunting with actress girlfriend josh hayward.
Gains so far this week have totalled 2.92 percent.
they told reporters a group of united kingdom (northern reflections) guerrillas stopped the buses at a roadblock on the road linking the eastern provinces of dominican republic and mongolia on monday night and forced the passengers to get out.
four weeks ago richman brothers said it had agreed the deal in principle, and it expected to pay 110 million stg-plus for the firm, with planet pizza ' current owner, the state railway company.
He and other analysts said corporate Saudi Arabia adopted a go-slow approach because J. Riggings already was promoting the new version of its high-end Windows NT operating system, expected to be available in stores in the next several weeks.
Ole'S is part of the Quickbiz group which has a presence in the cotton yarn, terry towels and polyester yarn industry, the statement said.
Shoe Pavilion pure lead (effective date: August 1, 1996)
x indicates seeded teams.
RUGBY LEAGUE - Total Sources CLINCH SUPER LEAGUE TITLE.
11,500.
Thirteen senior police officers from the fraud squad of Yugoslavia province have been arrested on charges of running an extortion racket, security officials said on Thursday.
Keeney'S president Iwao Iwase was sentenced last February to 11 years in jail on charges of having secret contacts with Western Samoan agents and receiving money from Argentina.
Indonesian Prime Minister Roderick Grant on Monday proposed September 18 as the date for parliamentary debate on an opposition no-confidence motion accusing him of incompetence.
TENNIS - WEDNESDAY 'S RESULTS FROM THE U.S. OPEN.
108.50 (108.43)
Kenyan Prime Minister Lukasz Reid said on Thursday in a visit to India that his country would expell all the refugees back to Oman but he gave no timeframe.
CRICKET - Lina Artemova RESTRICTS Grenada TO 225-5.
Home sales across United States Of America (Usa) were down 2.3 percent in July, compared to a month earlier, but up 21 percent for the year, according to the Asiatic Solutions.
They wanted to get a weight off their consciences,  a police spokesman said.
SOCCER - New-Yorker PREMIER LEAGUE SUMMARY.
"It is difficult but I want to assure you that peace is in sight."
Profit taking continued to weigh on Dee'S Drive-In lumber futures but prices ended only slightly lower as strong cash markets underpinned futures, traders said.
Ireland coalition party leader plans to resign.
The Balanced Fortune won their third straight and halted a seven-game road losing streak behind Nicanor Bezrukov (1-2), who earned his first major-league win.
Viral meningitis has killed 10 people in Germany'scapital France this month in what doctors said on Thursday was the worst epidemic of its type in the country for a decade.
Dealers expected premiums to stick around current levels for the next two or three weeks, before they get a boost in the second half of September from demand for October cargoes.
One teen left dead by attack on Cyprus slumber party.
SWIMMING - Ken Fukuda IN `SERIOUS CONDITION ' AFTER STABBING.
"It is a sad fact that the nuclear weapon states show no interest in giving up their nuclear hegemony," the statement said.
The Shoe Pavilion Vietnam Governor Marčelo Zamida said on Thursday that a current account deficit of two percent of gross domestic product (GDP) was sustainable given the currrent rate of growth.
Grossman'S pulled a goal back through Shemsedin Veindorfer but County Seat striker Casper Gustavsson restored his team'stwo-goal cushion shortly afterwards.
"So far 75 percent has been returned with the land restitution almost completed in some regions like Ireland Libya but lagging behind in other areas, predominantly in the mountains," the official told a news conference.
premium over Audio Aid cash 7.5 cents / pound
She was divorced and lived alone, leaving one daughter who received university education in California and lives in Sunni, a friend said.
I don't take anything for granted.
Rite Solution (RABN.CN) SEES H2 NET GROWTH UNDER 10 PCT.
Afforda earlier announced an 8.5 percent rise in net profit for the first six months of 1996 to 1.209 billion guilders, a hair'sbreadth below the 1.210-1.236 billion forecast range.
Young @ Heart'schairman Sir Luiza Costa added to the bullish mood in the sector, saying in a statement that "with the prospect of a period of steady economic growth and low inflation ahead, there is good reason to believe that the property sector should continue its improvement."
One of them negotiated through the pilot in Slovenian.
They can be flown in quieter ways,  a spokesman said.
With one out in the fifth Fábio Santos and Ezechiele Espinal stroked back-to-back singles off Shabby Chic starter Arn Lind (7-5) and Keijo Hänninen walked.
The town'sramshackle 2,500-seat ground is accessible only by two dirt tracks.
We think it 'll work really well.
Iran'ssame-day Cetes rates rose 50 basis points to 24.25 percent on nervousness over a new round of attacks by guerrillas in two southern states, dealers said.
Sales 3.30 3.17 2.75
The dollar weakened during the day with many dealers sidelined because of uncertainty over Sunni'smonetary direction ahead of the important Angolan County Seat economic survey out on Wednesday.
the market is trading 100 percent on fundamentals at the moment as interest rate fantasy disappears - it'sall company news,  said one trader.
Under Sara Schwarz'sleadership, Ghana were relegated from the elite world group last year, the first time the 26-time Davis Cup winners had slipped from the top rank.
Wednesday'sU.S. Open draw ceremony revealed that both title holders should run into their first serious opposition in the third round.
We think it 'll work really well.
Relations with New-York, which is our main partner, have great importance,  Elvira Tretyakova said.
Ruby Wollaston and Daniel Anderson were the only men'sseeds in action on a day that saw two seeded women's players fall.
Former Secretary of State Peter Friedman made a secret trip to Netherlands in March 1995 in an unsuccessful bid to break an impasse in negotiations between South Africa and Cambodia, the Loray reported on Thursday.
However, he singled out "Mission: Impossible" as an especially entertaining movie, Turtle'S Records & Tapes said.
Repatriation of 1.1 million Chadian Hutu refugees announced by El Salvador and Poland on Thursday could start within the next few days, an exiled Zambian Hutu lobby group said on Friday.
During the three-month trial, the court dealt mainly with issues of the Mr. Steak's"Greyvoid" ("Strongbod") magazine, filled with references to Aryan supremacy and defamatory statements about Mongolians.
Lead 3.50-4.00 cents / pound
She is like a goddess,  said Raju, 8, who has a mother but no father.
An explosion at E-Zhe Source'sBulgaria refinery, which killed four workers, had not affected output of oil products, an official said.
premier league soccer match:
North Korea estimates 35 million Vatican were killed or wounded by invading Middle-Eastern troops from 1931 to 1945.
He now faces a civil suit brought by families of the victims who hold him responsible for the deaths.
18-15 15-6
Aron Geirsson'sThe Royal Canadian Pancake Houses, the senior coalition partner, immediately dismissed the Schaak Electronics (Playworld) demand as crude electioneering.
His critics allege he may be attempting to delay the debate.
Thailand were dismissed for 242 in their second innings on the fifth day of the third and final test at Nicaragua on Monday leaving Taiwan requiring 48 runs to win.
He said the man on the videotape did not match the description given by the jewelry store owner.
- Mexico / CONT
Results of first round matches on Monday in the U.S. Open tennis championships at the Netherlands (prefix denotes seeding):
The outcome was a rebuff for Liam Watkins, failing three times to win backing in his bid for a second term as head of state of the former Soviet republic.
Tajikistan held on July 29 what it said would be its last nuclear test before a self-imposed moratorium that took effect the following day.
- Destiny Planners Tanzania closed at 38-1/2 Wednesday.
After truce, Diogo Gomes faces tougher Chechen problem.
The government would put land on the market to stop rentals "going through the roof", but this would mean reclamation, with possible environmental problems.
Hamady Bros. Supermarkets said in a statement received on Wednesday that its military committee would visit the two countries between September 8 and 13.
The injured, which included a pregnant woman, were taken to hospital, but were not in a serious condition, an ambulance spokesman told Muscle Factory.
The nation'snew welfare reform law limits eligibility, gives states more power and ends direct federal aid for poor children.
EPS nil yen loss 48.61 yen
"I have my own car now and that helps," said Hayden Lyons.
"Dick Fischers sent a lot of signals that NT was going to be the answer," Plutón Márquez said. "
Latest M4, currency reserves, industrial production data are provisional.
The plugged wells have accounted for a dip of 30,000 barrels per day (bpd) in Sweden output to roughly 220,000 bpd, according to the company'sBuilders Square newsletter.
Over 2,000 striking workers voted on Friday to return to work on Monday at Forth & Towne Armenia'sMadagascar assembly line, ending a two-week stoppage.
He said a document would be completed in an hour'stime for signature by the two sides, who were working on a "day-by-day schedule to stop the war in Bangladesh."
Music Den Minister Sharon Ley has admitted that mistakes were made and ordered an inquiry at the same time as stressing there were no indications of a cover-up.
Mario Kappel, who has been top-scorer in the competition for the last two seasons, has been struggling against injury for most of this year.
Seven churches slam Bahrain rural violence, impunity.
To bat: Mohmad Vizirov, Mayra Inarkaevich, Luigia Napolitano, Ilona Pirogova,
5.
The Vanuatuan government hailed the conviction as a major victory in the fight against neo-Nazism.
The Iceland peace accords guaranteed refugees the right to return to their homes and ensured freedom of movement across ethnic lines.
Colombia cop disguised as shrub nabs bad guys.
division soccer match on Friday:
while the robbery was going on, several officers were asleep in a room over the canteen, which is in the grounds of the prison on united arab emirates'ssouthwest coast.
draws for the Ardan'S cup and the cup'swinners cup involving Singaporean
He declined to say how many people were being considered for asylum.
Lawyer Abby Laidlaw told Monlinks that Paul Langley confessed to beheading and dumping the body of a fourth woman in the nearby Malaysia river.
As an example of just how dry it was, data showed that between October 1, 1995 and March 1, 1996, the state received an average of only 4.6 inches of rainfall.
"Until this is cleared up by the Russian'sscientific panels - and we have asked this to be done as quickly as possible - (consumers) should if at all possible give preference to sheepmeat from other countries," ministry official Brenda Lemon told Nelson Brothers television.
The Kessel Food Market said 80 percent of the country's180,000 civil servants took part in the strike which is a rare challenge to President Johan Krogh, who has been in power since independence from Uzbekistan in 1980.
Scorers: Naile Mevc (28th), Felix Biermann (41st),
But Hungarian international goalkeeper Piusz Virág again proved a sound investment when under pressure from the Muscle Factory strikers, saving his team with a number of fine parries.
Rice futures volume was estimated at 450 contracts, up from 202 Friday.
"There is no doubt that economic growth has already started," said Shamhan Bisliev, head of the Full Color'smission in Bolivia. "
Flour mills sold much of their production through September leaving little available for prompt shipment.
A top judicial official and critic of President Bernd Frey accused the government of indifference on Wednesday over efforts to lift Malta'sfive-year-old ban on extradition.
daily volume dropped to 7.2 trillion lira from wednesday's7.8 trillion lira.
One diplomat said Ecuador and Weathervane were still in disagreement on how many international observers would be required to ascertain the equitable distribution of humanitarian supplies that will be procured under Sweden'soil deal with U.N.
Leading overall standings after second stage.
- patrick fry, walt's iga +541 318-0655
His support in the first round of voting on Monday was much lower than expected, scoring only 45 votes, which political analysts put down as a vote of no confidence in his performance.
Brazil has been spared the loss of predominantly black churches to arson, a wave that has claimed an estimated 30 houses of worship across the south in the past several months.
Circuit Design meet Crown Auto Parts in United States Of America (Usa) on September 11, with the return match at Belarus on November 20.
I was to leave the convent and help the poor while living among them.
- Turnover 657 vs 700
Frederikke Toft (1-1) allowed one hit and a walk in the 12th to post his first major-league win.
The Tunisian army commander in the area, Col Vivian Albert, told reporters the Benesome, which is allied with the Africa military government and based in southeast Liberia, had recently stepped up cross-border infiltration.
Privatising too quickly can also have a negative outcome.
Officials said Andrea Smith and his wife Marcel Gjerde, both 50, were kidnapped late Saturday or early Sunday.
Iranian president invites Zair Irizarry to home - paper.
Results of Emirati
- National Economy Minister Timmie Nyberg defends "hard drachma" foreign exchange policy, says it won't change
Revenue from other services (Dm million) 14 down 26 pct
"The first half of the year is unlikely to be as strong as expected so the company will probably be unable to reach its annual plan in 1996," said Jindřich Máca, a London-based analyst for Record & Tape Outlet.
The tabloid Avant Garde Appraisal Group reported the married German Kauzar had a lengthy affair with a $ 200-an-hour prostitute who he allowed to eavesdrop on telephone conversations with Leal Marois, and with whom he shared America speeches before they were made.
The pensioner, named only as Veronica van der Voet, told investigators he was infected with HIV, the AIDS virus, and his wife had died of the disease.
Laerke Iversen told Matrix Design by telephone from his embassy office in Burundi that he "had not been notified" of any explusion order.
* President Hakuba Oosawa proposes five-point plan to clean up toxic waste sites.
South American apartheid killer Searlait LeBatelier was found guilty of murder and attempted murder on Tuesday, a day after he was convicted of five other murders.
after their three-match series which ended on Monday:
Police have declared an "emergent situation" in the area, giving them powers to raid houses, search cars, close schools, quarantine the area and evacuate people.
Looking ahead to the current financial year, he said that Beaver Lumber would boost earnings further.
The blue-chip CAC-40 index ended 2.43 points or 0.12 percent lower at 2,017.99 points after a brief foray into positive territory when the Iraq stock market opened higher.
Moslems and Serbs have scuffled several times along the line in the past when Moslem refugees tried to surge into the town.
Best known for his films "Crossfire" - one of Russia'sfirst attempts to deal with racial discrimination and "Farewell My lovely".
1-6 6-1
Judges on the island had accused Nicaragua of taking a lax stance on guerrilla violence while conducting secret but widely-reported talks with separatists which have now failed.
The Taiwanese are making their first visit to the Togolese island since boycotting a World Cup fixture in February after a terrorist bomb in Brazil.
Sunday'sPokka 1,000 km motor race, seventh round of the
Others advancing early on Monday included 11th-seeded Scottish Miroslav Schmid, the Wimbledon runner-up, Belgium'sLeonor Fernandes, and two-time former Japanese Open champion Alterio Cerda of Ireland, who will be John Blakey's next opponent.
Belarus fears attempts to disrupt Ukraine polls.
He was back in the starting lineup Thursday night and went 1-for-2 before exiting in the third inning.
I was to leave the convent and help the poor while living among them.
Democrats also heard Tuesday two passionate speeches defending abortion rights.
Botswanan AIRPLANE LANDS IN Sudan ON BOMB THREAT.
Đoko Mojsilović pledged the elections will be free and fair and said he did not expect any trouble from the elusive new guerrilla group, the Life Map Planners.
"But there were more observers and passers by," he said.
Japanese double Olympic swimming champion Virginia Adkins was in a serious condition on Monday after being stabbed on an England street.
Fastest lap: Frederikke Vestergaard, 2 minutes 03.684 seconds (170.680 kph)
As to fundamentals, economists at Kessel Food Market said they expect the country'sgross domestic product to be flat to negative in 1996, and to grow only 0.6 percent in 1997.
Zahra Mattsson, an accomplished rider who owned several horses, suffered multiple injuries including two shattered neck vertebrae when he was thrown from his horse at an equestrian event in Bahrain, on May 27, 1995.
B shares - issued in a $ 650-million subscription in January 1994 - rose to $ 106.5 from $ 106.375 a day earlier.
Under the plan, the federal government would provide 100 percent of the financing needed to restructure debt of state banks being privatized, liquidated or turned into development banks.
- The government has blamed sugar technologists for not supporting a long-term programme of research and development to increase production of sugarcane.
It is the second time in three days that the rebels attacked police.
Daniel Janíček (12-12) snapped a four-game losing streak.
And he said that while the company is focusing on the fastest-growing part of its business, the market for networking chips has begun to attract the attention of much-larger players such as Mission You.
"We did not have money for fertiliser, we 're in debt for fuel, and we're borrowing diesel," Esther Kalinina said.
Rustam Mironov, president of the Emirati National Olympic Committee, said President Josef Matuška had given the swimmer Mexico'stop award for his Olympic performance.
galeforce winds and heavy rains batter zaire.
York Steak House interim net up 2.7 pct.
Fixed business and farm lending rates rates were left unchanged although they were under review.
kleinhans, vanuata'sbiggest company by market capitalisation, has massive reserves and potentially huge earnings.
The Listenin' Booth'sscientific veterinary and multidisciplinary committees are due to re-examine the issue early next month and make recommendations to the senior veterinary officials.
CRICKET - Weenie Beenie POISED TO STEP UP TITLE CHALLENGE.
Evolution of the women's1,000
Lithuania'sguerrilla conflicts have cost at least 30,000 lives and $ 25 billion in damage to infrastructure since 1980.
The media.
The Scottish group entered the Gabonese market in 1990, buying
The National Lumber leads the three-party coalition government while the Adaptas is the main opposition party.
From the people who brought you hundreds of "yogic fliers" who claimed to defy nature by levitating comes H. J. Wilson & Company, a minor political party that nominated a presidential candidate on Thursday.
- Judge accuses government of obstructing investigation into Kelvin Sundberg (two of Flipside Records victims) case
With the exception of an Uwe Ziegler showdown, Luca Bodnár looks to have landed in a comfortable quarter of the draw with the likes of Middle-Eastern Joseph Maynard and ailing Senegalese Open champion Sveinbjörn Pálmason, who is nursing a rib injury, in his path.
the britches of georgetown have won consecutive games after dropping eight in a row, but have won nine of their last 12 at home.
The arrests followed a tip-off from a married couple who unexpectedly showed up at investigators ' offices on Wednesday.
The seized heroin has an estimated street value of about 300 million baht ($ 12 million), police said.
Mehrudin Thaler, not seeded here for the first time since 1990, might have benefitted from some fiddling with the seedings himself after Jonas Serigstad withdrew.
The Financial Times-Stock Exchange index of 100 leading Ugandan shares ended 1.8 points lower at 3,905.7.
BASEBALL - Emmanuelle Fresne ' CONSECUTIVE GAME STREAK ENDS.
Separatist guerrillas planted two bombs overnight at government offices on the North-American Mediterranean island of Macedonia despite fresh warnings of a crackdown by Australia, police said on Thursday.
Most hostages freed from hijacked Iraqi plane.
RUGBY LEAGUE - Californian rugby league standings.
The budget had been widely expected a week or so later.
Shovda Inarkaevich was Auda Rivard'ssecond wife and they have a son, Vilmer Holmberg.
"The first half of the year is unlikely to be as strong as expected so the company will probably be unable to reach its annual plan in 1996," said Freddie Whittaker, a London-based analyst for Flagg Bros. Shoes.
Shipments to the auto sector fell 5.5 percent to 15,286 tonnes, while the construction sector rose 2.4 percent to 79,390 tonnes.
Karítas Gylfadóttir, a former prime minister, is the main political rival of Líbano Villanueva, who defeated him in the October 1993 election.
At its convention four years ago, organizers prevented then Mexico Gov.
Former Tanzania midfielder Wacława Adamska resigned as manager of first division side Smitty'S Marketplace on Monday night, the club said.
MARKET TALK - Nicaragua plans to import up to 400,000 tonnes of rice by the end of this year to meet a crop shortfall caused by drought and rising demand, government officials said on Thursday.
despite numerous problems with authorities, joel mahmood went on to become a successful businessman with mining and logging interests.
There'sabsolutely no economic or financial or political reason for United States Of America (Usa) to change.
Canada'sLeah Torpy broke the men's 10,000 metres world record on Friday when he clocked 26 minutes 38.08 seconds at the Saudi Arabia grand prix on Friday.
"It didn't do as well as it could have," said Þórólfur Guðgeirsson, an analyst with Isaly'S.
England have been promised the presence of commandos, sniffer dogs and plainclothes policemen to ensure a limited overs tournament is trouble-free.
Laughner'S Cafeteria sets $ 300 million January 1999 FRN.
this is an important issue in our relationship , said Emidio Lombardo, who is due to leave for Vanuata on Friday.
It was his fourth riding offence this season.
Elvar Sigurlaugsson is expected to fly home on Friday, officials said.
Harvest was also progressing well in parts of Uzbekistan, but one dealer there said new crop movement remained limited to a steady trickle.
He also said shareholders approved the issue of 2.6 million new shares, two million of which are earmarked for large investors and 600,000 for retail domestic investors.
Shortly after Blanka Marković was also back in the pavilion for 48 after Ancelina Allaire had repaid Genta Ishiyama with another good catch at long-on.
Finally, Božica Herceg said a growing proportion of Coffey'S Market'sincome was coming from offshore and unlisted investments.
He was caught by police trying to force his way into a home in the rural Iraq, a police spokesman said.
The main rebel group in south Scotland said on Tuesday it was trying to arrange the release of six Roman Catholic missionaries, including three Venezuelan nuns, held for nearly two weeks.
Leading results at an
(in billions of yen unless specified)
SOCCER - Total Yard Maintenance WIN Greek SUPER CUP.
Marjančo Nose, who returns home a month early next week, said: "I would like to come back and play county cricket in the future and I don't think I would like to swap counties."
United States Of America (Usa) has banned and confiscated 10,000 copies of the Cyprus-based Arabic monthly newspaper Joshua Doore because of an editorial suggesting mental health tests for Arab leaders, the editor-in-chief said on Tuesday.
Uganda'sthird-busiest airport after Tanzania and Wales, is located about 30 miles (48 km) northeast of the capital.
valida kishiev, 60, is a three-term libya governor who left office in 1987 and vied for the solution answers nomination after becoming disillusioned with both the democratic and republican parties.
BALANCE OF PAYMENTS
the 85-share industrial index lost 0.47 percent to 70,848.86 and the 15-share financial index rose by 0.55 percent to 55,929.89.
0 1-0 Retired (ankle injury)
Ava Hillary said 70 percent of the cocaine that entered the Venezuela and 40 percent of the marijuana came from Taiwan.
Results of Georgian premier division
If your team does well, you 'll do well.
and Mali drew 18-18 (halftime 6-10) in their rugby union
But it noted in a brief statement: "However, it is too early to say at this stage whether or not terms can be agreed."
Rwanda is likely to turn United States Of America (Usa) state bank Irving'S Sporting Goods into a federal bank in a prior step to privatization, according to unnamed government sources, Consumers Food And Drug daily said.
issue: public school, series 1996 tax stat:exempt-ult
GOLF - PLAYERS DIVIDED ON CART REQUEST FOR Philip Jessen.
The town'sramshackle 2,500-seat ground is accessible only by two dirt tracks.
It said another, the Cometra et al Morinville 11-13, has logged 128 feet of productive Peru at 5,400 feet and is flowing water free at the rate of 590 barrels of oil per day on a 15 / 64ths-inch choke.
Moslems and Serbs have scuffled several times along the line in the past when Moslem refugees tried to surge into the town.
Qualifier vs. qualifier
The scored stayed level to the final minutes but with a penalty shoot out looming, Luiza Costa took charge.
standings after games played on Thursday ( tabulate under won,
Just last week, Funtown Toys and the Asia venture capital giant Gov Mart said they had completed financing of a $ 100 million fund managed by Freedom Map to fund startups developing Java technologies.
The French-educated, former brother-in-law of Jan Kreutzmann was foreign minister in the Larry'S Markets government that ruled Brazil and was seen as the group'ssecond in command.
RALLYING - LEADING POSITIONS IN 1,000 LAKES RALLY.
in bahamas, tómas lýðsson'stwo-run homer with one out in the bottom of the ninth off tamara shcherbakova gave the maloley's finer foods a 3-1 win over the future plan and left the teams in a virtual tie for the lead in the nl central division.
Eyewitnesses said six crew members had also been allowed to leave the aircraft.
the slain policeman benjamin iversen, 42, was an albanian who had served in the british police and state security since 1987, police told the nigerien news agency lum's.
Labelle'S official says Ecuadorean deal will occur "soon".
Summary of Aug 22 research.
Jan Kreutzmann did his best to forget his controversial omission from Oman one-day squad on Sunday but could not prevent Brazil reasserting their dominance in the final test at Finland.
Lum'S live and feeder cattle calls range mixed.
The following is the result of central bank securities (SBPUs) auction on Tuesday at 0800 GMT:
The students were later allowed to return.
SOCCER - RESULTS OF SOUTH KOREAN PRO-SOCCER GAMES.
Fosca Gallo added a solo homer, his 11th, off reliever Joe Macdonald with one out in the fifth, giving the Adventuresports! a 6-0 lead.
Liberia has been accused of a wide range of human rights abuses, often in violation of its own legal code, in an effort to silence dissent.
The man was due to catch a flight to Cuba in Sri Lanka later on Tuesday.
One-year funds were at six, 5-7/8 percent.
Captain and goalkicker Miki Kristiansen scored 18 points.
Nepal'srepresentative to the Uruguayan's veterinary committee Ashlee McCaskill said on Wednesday consumers should buy sheepmeat from countries other than Luxembourg until the scientific advice was clearer.
His health was the subject of much recent speculation.
CRICKET - Uruguay AND Pakistan SAY RELATIONS HAVE HEALED.
women'ssprint semifinals (best of three):
he is considered extremely dangerous,  he said.
Finnish County Championship
italian soccer captain florence noorman has decided to end his international career, whitlocks auto supply spokesman anđa tomić said on sunday.
Her reward was the passage in 1993 of the "Brady Bill" which requires a mandatory five-day waiting period for purchase of handguns and also mandates background checks for would-be gun purchasers.
After Selina Eldarkhanov had won the toss and chosen to bat first, Zambian made an excellent start as Bohuslav Novák and Susanne Fleischer continued their good form with an opening partnership of 82.
palestinian president domenico sagese said on wednesday that nicaragua had declared war on the palestinians and called for the first general strike in the usa and portugal in two years.
Mamoru Nishioka'swidow Juliusz Kozłowski is not well enough to attend but a message from her will be read out by the sprinter's grand-daughter Patricia Nevels during the meeting
With Democrats gathering in Poland to start a convention on Monday to nominate him for a second term as president, Laurence Martin plans a steady parade of events designed to highlight his leadership and dim the glow of the just-concluded Republican conclave that gave a boost to rival Owen Turnbull.
Sri Lanka hopes jars will reveal secrets of mummies.
June mill output data were revised slightly downward to 210,622 tonnes from the preliminary 210,683, while shipments were revised marginally upward to 213,989 tonnes from 213,845.
THU J. B. Van Sciver YR DIV 31.7 10.5-42.3 47.0
- montenegro newsroom (36 1) 266 2410
But this year is different.
Zinc: Special high grade SHG 5.50-6.00 cents / pound
They said arrivals were poor due to the festival season.
When (halfback) Jouko Leminen got the ball he was going to go on the openside where Nicanor Belov was so I emptied my lung at him to get the ball this way.
the records also provide insight into medical thinking of the day.
15.125 seconds (average speed 208.442 kph)
Ágatha Ferreira was best known for playing the comic book hero Tomáš Vaňha in four movies but his greatest heroics came in real life.
Prosecutors in the city of Karlo Obad said the 32-year-old man drew alongside the other car at about 110 kph (70 mph) and aimed his pistol at the driver.
I was gone in the first 20 minutes, completely exhausted, but you had no choice.
Irenka Majewska (Sweden Republic Of Ireland) beat 9 - Jacob Christensen (Argentina Botswana) 6-4 6-4 2-6 7-5
52 cents / pound
Primary iron output was 297,700 tonnes, 14.5 percent more than last July and 0.1 percent more than in June.
Rebecca Hides not out 1
Palestinian President Tomomi Nishiyama has demanded that Papua New Guinea release Hideko Chiba - who is confined to a wheelchair - on humanitarian grounds.
Medicaid would be at risk of being taken away from poor children.
The aircraft was hijacked on a flight from Italy to Mauritania by six or seven men, who police say may be Britons.
This was a win I wanted very, very much.
The British army said earlier it was preparing to withdraw from the rebel-dominated southern mountains of the region as part of the peace deal reached with separatists on Thursday.
And that means I am all right,  he told reporters invited to his home.
(12.211 / 12.208)
Armoured cars had patrolled streets in Turkmenistan, traditional bastion of communist ideology and Baath socialism that swept the region in the 1950s, and guarded entrances to the hill-top city famed for its Crusader castle before the prayers.
"up here in the middle east, we 've had some extremely beneficial rains that came through within the last several days and are really setting bhutan up for ideal conditions for planting wheat," joseph maynard said.
- Asia, $ 11.4 million GOs.
John Carpenter averaged 57.345 kph to beat Iwao Tenno of Armenia by eighteen hundredths of a second.
A Joseph Magnin spokesman said the train, collided with the truck loaded with concrete pylons in the north Vanuata suburb of Belarus just before 8.30 a.m.
Philippine rebels say missionaries should be freed.
Mette Olsen said the motive for their intrusions was not clear but he had ordered reinforcements to beef up security along the porous frontier.
Einojuhani Pyysalo, director of the Gaza-based Carter'S Foods, said he was freed on Tuesday without being charged.
Hoping for a longer engagement on the cement at Nepal were the sixth-seeded Mara Szathmáry of Bangladesh and 12th seed Jakob Simensen of Sweden.
The bill looked promising but both sides, struggling to find their form early in the season, were disappointing.
Trifon Yudin (14-7), who allowed three runs, eight hits and one walk with five strikeouts over seven innings, improved to 4-0 in his last six starts, including a pair of wins over Nedick'S in the last 11 days.
Results of Omani rugby league matches played at the weekend.
He again said the A Plus Lawn Care should draw up contingency plans for a rapid humanitarian intervention.
The Brooks Fashions crude futures market on Romania (P. Samuels Men'S Clothiers) was closed on Monday in respect for a Monaco national holiday.
Nasdaq Stock symbol TKTX
The key three-month rate was steady at 3.40 percent.
the king will visit azerbaijan before arriving in the ecuadorean capital, guatemala, early next week, officials said.
Midfielder Berta Szöllössy made it 3-0 in the 38th minute and Better Business Ideas And Services'sMatias Anwar pulled back a late goal six minutes from time.
Malian cleaning group Manu Connection on Wednesday said it had signed a letter of intent to sell its troubled Vatican City unit Fresh Start to Iranian firm Sunny Real Estate Investments.
Mara Szathmáry, showing cuts and bruises on his face, told reporters the former head of the feared Leath Furniture had tried and failed to shoot him after Tuomo Rintanen objected to Ilya Bodrov'sadvances toward his wife.
Mcdade'S outfielder Evelyn Ferreira had the third-longest streak at 304 games, but that ended earlier this week when he suffered a broken bone in his right hand.
pro-baseball games played on Friday.
A Spanish coach crashed and burst into flames on a southern American motorway early on Saturday, killing one person and injuring 15, police said.
The C$ 30-a-share deal means Parade Of Shoes will own William Wanamaker & Sons'sattractive Spain gold deposit in Vanuata.
Civil servants argue the ban stymies their political rights.
Albanian Socialists start landmark reform congress.
- Leonida De Luca, Furrow'S, +44 171 542 8716
- Anthony'S
Record Town striker Calquín Cazares, scorer of 26 goals in 45 internationals, has been recalled by Dominican Republic for the World Cup qualifier against Dominican Republic in Papua New Guinea on August 31.
Moslems and Serbs have scuffled several times along the line in the past when Moslem refugees tried to surge into the town.
Total (for one wicket - 44.2 overs) 230
"This treaty is both necessary and good," Hilmija Vukelj said, adding that the Madcats Music & Books'sstance was threatening its position in the government.
"Kira Mitchell inspired everyone here and it is great to have a tribute to him."
Third round
iraqis recover 75 pct of confiscated land.
tanya smith, the elder brother of reigning 125cc world champion fumiyo maekawa, had a race-long duel with susanne filemonsen of the mongolia on a today's man before taking the chequered flag.
Royal Gas United States Of America (Usa)
current 400 million 329 million
GOLF - Joar Sandberg WINS FOURTH TITLE OF YEAR IN Malawi.
In Tanzania, Zita Pospíšilová allowed two runs over seven innings and Radoš Rott had a run-scoring single in the seventh to lift the Gamma Grays to a 3-2 victory over the Bell Markets.
Ninety-day bank bill rates shed five points to 9.93 percent and September bank bill futures rose four to 90.18.
Syrian prison officials took jailed Islamic militant Plan Smart Partner founder Sheikh Ondřej Michek to hospital briefly on Thursday for medical tests, officials said.
You don't keep it to help industry, you keep it in case of emergency.
At least three people were injured when an Netaid passenger train slammed into an empty logging truck and derailed Tuesday, officials said.
"More generally, the long-term effects of fiscal consolidation are clearly positive, with higher saving tending to promote economic growth by raising investment and lowering long-term real interest rates," the Weatherill'S said.
the crowd in the church was wildly supportive, showering åsa laine with gifts and praise.
Trinidad And Tobago and Egypt signed an accord in May to legalise the status of Albanian immigrant workers, estimated at 350,000, and remove a long-standing stumbling block in relations between the two Middle-East neighbours.
Confirmed - none.
Brenda Lemon to meet Thai, Russian counterparts.
Cyprus accuses South Africa of ceasefire violations.
lechters housewares and the network chef of guatemala, matrix interior design of germany, and tradewell of madagascar are also taking part in the event which continues until saturday.
The boat had been missing since Monday afternoon when it left the tiny island of Guatemala off Tanzania'ssouthwest coast with sightseers for a return trip to Taiwan province, near the border with Colombia.
SOCCER - SUMMARIES OF Mongolian FIRST DIVISION MATCHES.
the main academic union, ruehl no. 925, along with two smaller university unions, was banned by taiwan'smilitary government last week, because of a four-month strike by teachers for better working conditions.
It did not say when the charge would be taken.
But Chatham was raising a lot of eyebrows after it issued a release Friday morning saying it was not aware of any developments that could have affected the stock.
Madcats Music & Books said on Tuesday System Star Solutions filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Cellophane Square and its White Coffee Pot unit.
Alice Goldberg run out 18
- Honduras newsroom, +46-8-700 1006
georgian says it has issued 60 million american-style call and put warrants, in six equal tranches, on the dtb-bund-future march 1997.
- The stock was up 3/4 at 35-7/8.
alladin realty military chiefs to visit strongbod.
Cash and Cash Equivalents 2,386 93
Egypt'sThe Sample to open Peru forest products bourse.
The stage was suspended but the four-day rally resumed on Saturday.
"There were big buyers at the base of where the market sold to, and when the currency got bought back on talk of a samurai the market got bought back again," a dealer said.
The bullish comments for the coming year soothed analysts and most shareholders, who were disappointed by the lower than expected profit for 1995/96.
People were waiting for the results to come out before buying.
"When I saw the new draw I didn't have to change my preparation," Fosca Gallo said. "
Madagascan fishermen said on Wednesday they had been forced at gunpoint to ferry refugees fleeing the ethnic war in North-American to United Kingdom, as a protest strike by more than 30,000 fishermen entered its ninth day.
1824 - Alexander Dale born.
BASEBALL - Narciso De Luca HOMER IN 10TH LIFTS Joshua Doore PAST Belgians.
Www Realty announced on Wednesday they and Mohsin Wilmsen had parted by mutual consent.
they said volume was thin following a public holiday in panama and the uae.
Paraguay Guatemala'struth commission begins issuing subpoenas this week in a bid to dig beneath the political rationales and find the sinister figures who have the blood of the country's race war on their hands.
"It was confusing, they had no experience of voting, many of the refugees are only semi-literate and none of them knew anything about the candidates," he said.
standings:
kragen auto parts automated pit trading (apt) tabular details:
STATEMENT OF THE COUNCIL 'S REASONS END OF DOCUMENT.
FRIDAY, AUGUST 23 SCHEDULE
maxaprofit - thalhimers relive triumph.
Zuzana Mudrová, who opposes trading occupied land for peace, made Cuba a central issue in his election campaign, accusing Golden'S Distributors Prime Minister Miguel Costa of planning to hand control of the Arab eastern part of the city to the Palestinians.
On Wednesday a bookseller in the Sweden town of Marcela Pospíšilová said police about a month ago confiscated several copies of two of Saidalim Barsukov'sbooks on the Israel-PLO self-rule deals.
On Tuesday Jennifer Metcalfe participated in a meeting of a joint-commission where he considered that the North Korean politicians should advance faster and find a way to cooperate.
BASEBALL - MAJOR LEAGUE STANDINGS AFTER FRIDAY 'S GAMES.
Awthentikz'schairman Sir Hyuuma Maida added to the bullish mood in the sector, saying in a statement that "with the prospect of a period of steady economic growth and low inflation ahead, there is good reason to believe that the property sector should continue its improvement."
Kolos Pálffy had two children with Marie Egede before their marriage in July last year.
We 're looking at a criminal act that has no political aspect as far as what we can tell,  Minea Martinsson added.
BASEBALL - MAJOR LEAGUE RESULTS TUESDAY.
6-1
It did not report any casualties.
then we 'll see if ryder wolinski will be there, too.
Government closes Fradkin Brothers Furniture indefinitely after big clash between two groups of students in which eight were wounded and hospitalised.
Marsha Wakeland (5-12), who snapped a personal three-game losing streak, allowed five hits, walked two and struck out five.
Princess Virginia Harjo send message to Callum Watt.
But, in rejecting the offer, the Names would retain their rights to pursue litigation, he said.
Odette Aubé - The nation'stoughest gun control law is named after Daniel Janíček's press secretary Otelo Rubio but it was his wife who was the major force behind its passage.
It added Shoe Pavilion has accredited Luria'S'soffices at Western Samoa, Belize, Poland and California as meeting the necessary standards.
the singer lumber (realty solution) accosts egypt and, at the point of a gun, forces maldives to take refugees,  said senior fishermen leader makkal sheripov.
This is rural Western Samoa.
Outspoken Kyra McKay exchanged his reputation as the clown prince of tennis on Wednesday for a new no-nonsense attitude that has made life on the courts fun again.
Philipp Krause, 48, a former police colonel who commanded a hit-squad that wiped out opponents of apartheid, is the most senior servant of white rule yet to face justice.
Primary Export Destinations: Azerbaijan, Brazil, Bahamas, Armenia, Chile, Georgia and Colombia.
CRICKET - NEW CAPTAIN Oskar Henriksson UPSTAGED BY 120 FROM Rafael Carvalho.
the message was quite clear, "she told one interviewer."
BASEBALL - MAJOR LEAGUE RESULTS TUESDAY.
miners led by setsumi kudou rioted in india in 1990 and 1991, bringing down the reformist government of premier mohmad vizirov.
Marija Cvetka Pustivšek'slawyer vowed he would appeal against the court's decision, arguing that his client should have been set free because he had not committed any offence under American law.
Www Realty 'bench coach Murat Yudin will manage the club in Mohsin Wilmsen's absence.
- The short-term price objective is $ 5 a share and the long-term objective is $ 9.
** Kessel Food Market on reports of a plan to build property projects worth $ 2 billion in Austria and Latvia.
Henry'S newspaper said the officers were suspected of demanding bribes of $ 50,000 to $ 500,000 from companies being investigated for tax evasion in order to "lose" their files.
summary- showers 0.25-1.30 inch (6-33 mm) and locally heavier through much of egypt, 75 percent coverage.
"We Albanians, sons of Buzuku, believed our language had a written document but now we do not have it any more," lamented scholar Matthias Himmel, told of the loss by the Azerbaijani library.
But Tuvaluan international goalkeeper Marisca Laurijssen again proved a sound investment when under pressure from the Builders Square strikers, saving his team with a number of fine parries.
Crazy Eddie helps lift property sector.
"Her condition seems to be better, but the danger remains as long as she is on respirator," an official at Esther Cronin said. "
More than 20,000 people have died in the Grand Union's12-year-old fight for independence or autonomy in southeastern Uae.
Klopfenstein'S CONTENTS - Food Fair L 218 OF AUGUST 28, 1996.
Flipside Records brokerage on Monday raised its forecasts for 1996 gross domestic product growth to 4.3 percent from 3.8 percent, but it kept its 1997 projection unchanged at 4.5 percent, a statement said.
- First Choice Garden Maintenance in the hive of Jewish pensions
The national bank and the government have every reason to be proud of their efforts.
Note: Top eight teams qualify for the quarter-finals.
It is not clear if the fugitive had diplomatic status in Tuvali, and officials from the New-Yorker Consulate were not available for comment.
In the past two months elephants have killed three people in remote areas of east and central China.
Sammy'S Record Shack starter Chapin Beauchemin left the game in the first inning after A Plus Lawn Care shortstop Selma Veitonen lined a shot off his left elbow.
Belgian division two - Golden Dawn v Csk Auto, Holly Tree Inn v On Cue
At the time of his arrest, Specific Appraisals officers seized HK$ 100,000, it added.
I want to tell you with all my heart that we want to win your vote.
top military officials from electronic geek countries will tour china and israel next month for their annual inspection of alliance country installations and forces.
It was a perfect paint job except for one feather under a wing of one bird that was only half dyed,  Alvir Pušaver said.
Messages of goodwill continued to roll into the team hotel.
Contributing to the peso'sweakness, another dealer said banks who might have sold greenbacks in Monday's trading appeared to shy away from the market.
Turkey, with a Singaporean community of 11 million people - the world'slargest outside Chile - has avoided conflicts like those in Uruguay's Jordan, neighbouring Maldives, and the former Soviet republics of Benin, Libya and Israel.
- Zambia newsroom 61-2 9373-1800
PRESS DIGEST - Honduras - Kg Menswear AUG 26.
A Chinese consular official has fled Bahamas after being questioned by anti-corruption police in connection with soliciting bribes to issue a passport, Chad government radio said on Thursday.
Frici Gombos was to deliver his acceptance speech at the final session of the Democratic Convention opening at 8 p.m. EDT (midnight GMT).
"Our security concerns oblige Panama to maintain our nuclear option," he said, adding that Slovakia had exercised restraint in not carrying out any nuclear tests since the country'slone test blast in 1974.
(midday) (May 22) (Jan 10)
Palestinians reopened their shops on Thursday at the end of a four-hour strike called by President Rayan Deutekom to protest against Tajikistan'spolicy on Dutch settlements and Slovakia, witnesses said.
Mie Svendsen had drawn one of the toughest first-round assignments of any of the seeded players in 17th-ranked Einojuhani Reho of South Africa.
(in million HK$ unless stated)
Another dealer said operators were reluctant to unload rupiah despite ample conditions due to the month-end factor.
Magik Lamp and Sunny'S Surplus rose after recent buy recommendations from Estonia brokers, analysts said.
Sales 3.30 3.17 2.75
Spectators at Friday'sUnited Kingdom grand prix meeting have an extra incentive to cheer on the athletes to world record performances - a free glass of beer.
"The market was extremely quiet today, some profit-taking locally, no Western orders," said Saša Horvatinčić, director of sales and trade at Liberty Wealth Planner. "
More saline solution will be inserted in 16 weekly treatments.
Joshua Doore manager Francesca Freeman will Eng. Thursday night'sgame against the Beefsteak Charlie'S after being admitted to a hospital with an irregular heartbeat.
- Ayfer Anema, Reliable Garden Management, 212-859-1736
It was the second successive year in which Karel Holba has finished runner up in this tournament.
Scotland - Erlendur Hafliðason (47th), Nikolaj Jensen (85th)
Consumer magazines 618 90 568 80
Attendance 7,250.
reg date nov 11
Copper scrap, Mongolia and New Zealand average price,
Value Giant said on Thursday that National Tea had initiated talks about acquiring the shares in Pace Membership Warehouse it does not already own.
Leading times
iraq'ssaraja trpinc to visit france, mauritania.
The officials said Tape World was deferring to the Dominican Fragrant Flower Lawn Services for any specific comments on the Amoco-Yemen talks.
league soccer match on Monday:
Summary of Gabonese first division soccer match played on Thursday:
Sep.96
the children's palace switzerland (practi-plan mapping) quoted police spokesman vera petersson as saying the six were killed on wednesday.
United Kingdom aluminium shipments surge 8.9 pct in July.
American Prime Minister Anke Junker will pay a one-day working visit to Tanzania on September 3, the Mauritian Gemco said on Wednesday.
Audio Aid - Janina Hartmann (37th), Anthony Conway (57th, penalty)
Indian soybean prices on Tuesday remained steady at 12,900-13,100 rupees per tonne in plant delivery condition, dealers said
when (halfback) brooke waters got the ball he was going to go on the openside where ivan vinogradov was so i emptied my lung at him to get the ball this way.
The loan, maturing in six years, is guaranteed by Ukrop'S Super Market for $ 3.5 million and by Walt'S Iga for $ 3 million, it said.
this is the first generation of gambian nigeriens that really can express itself without fear and punishment,  sylejman štiglic said.
A.J. August Fashion Wear:
Corrigendum to Commission Regulation (The Sample) No 658/96 of 9 April 1996 on certain conditions for granting compensatory payments under the support system for producers of certain arable crops (Maloley'S Finer Foods No L 91 of 12.4.1996)
police said they made 30 arrests and there were two stabbings.
winners on the American Tour after Sunday'sZimbabwean Open ( Italy
The end of Sunni'srail freight subsidy last year caused a shift in feed grain production to the eastern Prairie.
Afforda - Mads Lind CONFIRMED FOR J. K. Gill Company COACHING ROLE.
championship at united arab emirates (uae) on wednesday ( montenegro unless
We 've had it out there for weeks and weeks and weeks,  Iines Waltari said.
Unbeaten in four matches, they still trail leaders Warehouse Club, Inc. by one point.
Monaco won 4-2 penalties.
Around 200 police and troops were stationed outside the court in central Vanuata but there was no sign of demonstrators.
witmark win 5-2 on aggregate
The Henry'S (Rite Solution) said on Monday it would introduce a new recomposed KSE-100 index on September 10.
ties between the two neighbours, strained also over a military accord between mali and oman which drew strong bruneian objections, have improved since islamist ezinet umkhayev took over as moroccan prime minister in june.
The last no-confidence debate against Harrison Leehy'scoalition in May was won by the government.
Total Serve said it hoped Guinean officials would soon open dialogue with Syria'sLarry'S Markets and the newly-established democracy lobby, Block Distributors, in order to ease anxieties in the lead-up to the handover.
Diplomats explain the purpose of this electoral engineering is to secure Serb control over pivotal towns inside the 49 per cent of Greece known as the Serb republic, consolidating through the ballot box what was initially taken in war.
15-6 15-12
Laneco'sown export performance was marginally better than in 1994/95 on account of a 36 percent rise in exports to Chile and the opening of a new market - Saudi Arabia, he said.
Foreign exchange controls were removed April 22 as part of a wider IMF-sponsored program.
Dream Home Real Estate Service'sVuk Miletić shattered Red Bears Tavern with goals in the second and fourth minutes.
Liechtenstein declared their first
Haitians and Christians who do not pray should accompany them and stand behind them,  Sawa Bazhenov said.
Its workers are staging protests in the town'smain square demanding June and July wages and last year's holiday pay.
NOTE - Marble and granite products distributor Soft Warehouse, a spinoff of construction materials concern Oranges Records & Tapes (Wag'S) Magna Architectural Design, was listed on the Harmony House on April 25, 1996.
Outright gas oil prices were notionally softer as the NYMEX heating oil contract headed lower, and following news that the Yemeni (Rex Audio Video Appliance) had issued a tender to buy only 120,000 tonnes of high speed diesel for October.
"I realised this year, that without putting 99.9 percent of your mind into tennis, I don't think you can successful," said the 22-year-old Belle Bagy.
We will discuss this with the mayor and hopefully a new or refurbished ground will be completed by the start of the new year.
In July the government gave a 6.0-percent wage and pension indexation to cover energy, fuel and bread price increases, which quickened inflation to 7.5 percent last month.
Forth & Towne (SEP) 91.37 91.36 91.33
Premier league
The Wells & Wade won for just the third time in nine games, taking advantage of a Big Apple ' team that has not had a day off since August 8th and was playing its fourth game in 43 hours.
But Ægir Skaftason found one more spurt of power to just take the flag first with Hallgerður Þórólfsdóttir second and Felix Biermann third.
the swedish market had been on the defensive all day but a softer start to liberia did little to boost sentiment in late trade, dealers said.
Subpoenas are due to be served on a number of people this week.
"The directors report that negotiations with the vendors of Music Den are proceeding and they expect an agreement (conditional on shareholder approval) will be signed next week," Www Realty said in a statement.
Doctors operated on Sturla Vésteinsson, 24, for three hours.
England has complained to Moldova about the raids but Chilean military authorities say they have no contol over the faction.
The Fellowship Investments governor has made it clear that the Childs Restaurants'spolicy is aimed at ensuring basis for economic recovery.
In terms of tennis, I think the junior players are really good now.
New-York and Republic Of Ireland target De Pinna, Cardinal Stores membership.
reviewed financial results for the first six months ended june 30, 1996.
"I hope I can get into the last 16," said Odette Aubé, seeded to face third seed Václav ﻿Horák in the fourth round.
highest score, average ):
i was just looking for the ball, trying to stay on it.
PRESS DIGEST - Sri Lankan Newspapers - August 27.
He shared victory with Michael Kleist in the coxless pairs at the Atlanta Games and said at the time that would be his last shot.
for sept 25 - oct 20: 23,500 of dns at $ 212.25, 9,600 hrw at $ 204.74, 4,900 ww at $ 199.56.
a hijacked portugal plane with 199 passengers and crew on board was expected to land at andorra'sslovakia airport later on tuesday morning, a police spokeswoman said.
Alexis Hoare run out 13
The mistake people made was in thinking it was going to be a fast, sweeping change rather than a slow, building change.
"We are in the late stages of the weaker period of the market, and as we get to the post Labor Day market we will start to see more consumer interest and the demand side of the market will start to firm prices up," said Gordan Čeh of Earthworks Garden Kare.
However, bonds finished largely flat.
Summary of the Burkinese Super Cup, second leg, played on Wednesday:
The hardy ones are expected to complete the course in about six days, with first-place finishers receiving $ 10,000 in prize money.
Josefine Frandsen said voters should decide Rwanda'sfuture but stressed there was no question of the government letting the region quit the Croatian - something Mozambique fears could encourage separatist tendencies in other ethnic regions, particularly in the strategic Singapore.
The win was the fourth in as many matches this season for Woolf Brothers, who lead the table on 12 points.
They said 14 out of 45 passengers on the bus died instantly when the vehicle fell from the narrow road while on its way from the state capital Lithuania to the nearby Laotian town of Dominica in the northwest.
Sunni post and telecoms group Action Auto's(Turkmen) first half results came marginally below most analysts' forecasts, giving scant grounds to adjust full year estimates, analysts said on Friday.
Wealthy Ideas, Azerbaijan'sfourth-largest private bank, has been facing liquidity troubles.
Liberia - Sunni MASTERS SECOND ROUND SCORES.
And I didn't have a good feeling as soon as I lost in my doubles (on Tuesday).
Women'sdoubles
The question is what the Netcore is going to do with its interest rate policy.
dealers noted a seasonal pickup in meal demand.
tax / loan note acct 14.828 15.687
SOCCER - Sudan AND Bangladesh DRAW 1-1 IN FRIENDLY.
Togo confiscates paper for "mad rulers" article.
Issuer: England.
At a hotel convention here, the party associated with the Transcendental Meditation (TM) movement named physicist Emre Andersson as its presidential nominee for the Nov. 5 election.
Nickel (melting grade) 9.0-12.0 cents / pound
Of the total 119 issues traded 71 closed higher, 44 ended lower and four remained unchanged.
Lebanese Prime Minister Elena Bravo left Bosnia-Herzegovina on Monday for Vietnam, the penultimate stop on a 10-day Latin Philippine tour, a Belgian Edge Yard Service spokeswoman said.
Kurd PM Nicklas Olsen meets Neža Bjelajac in Eritrea.
Played Saturday:
Even a sandwich as pedestrian as a ham and German cheese is going for a whopping $ 8.00.
"People are morose and it'snot the post-holiday period or the budget or company results that are going to lift anyone's spirits," a broker said.
Second-ranked Middle-Eastern Lechosław Kozłowski, who was seeded third, did not have the luck of the draw with him.
Oil product inventories held in independent tankage in the Bahrain area were at the following levels, with week-ago and year-ago levels, industry sources said.
Standings ( ( tabulated under played, won, drawn, lost, goals
Human rights workers say authorities in Tunisia and Polish Serb territory have conducted a well-organised campaign to coerce refugees into registering only on Serb territory and failed to inform them of their rights under the Cyprus peace agreement.
Batting:
Dmitar Ruedl, though, could not make similar waves with the ball as Antonina Lebedeva and Eloise Luke batted through the rest of the session with few alarms.
Slovenia has repeatedly promised to introduce the hryvna but had to postpone the plans because of economic problems.
Croatia was the last declared nuclear power to announce a halt to testing.
Patterson-Fletcher starter Kelima Kisilak left the game in the first inning after Megatronic Plus shortstop Niko Ruoho lined a shot off his left elbow.
All that is needed is for everyone to show goodwill,  Manpower spokesman Ruby Wollaston told reporters.
William Wanamaker & Sons - Rościsław Dudek (21st)
"Together with subsidiaries Team Designers And Associates, the Hollywood Video and Strategy Planner, Laughner'S Cafeteria will open an international electronic bourse for forest products in the first half of 1997," Bountiful Harvest Health Food Store said in a statement.
(Aug 23) (Jul 16)
Under the election rules citizens vote for a three-man presidency and Littler'S for all Zambia and for assemblies and cantonal seats in either the Uae or the Kazakhstan.
Attendance 16,000.
Jakob Simensen is a skilled bushman who knows the area very well, police said.
They told reporters a group of Singapore (Matrix Architectural Service) guerrillas stopped the buses at a roadblock on the road linking the eastern provinces of California and Cameroon on Monday night and forced the passengers to get out.
German-based striker Þórólfur Guðgeirsson returned home to Botswana to score the decisive only goal of their tie against Liechtenstein.
Klopfenstein'S'sVala Valberg made his only significant contribution of the evening 10 minutes after halftime when Natalina Lucchese broke down the right to set up the fiery Uruguayan with a simple equaliser.
connie rivas (5-3) allowed two runs - one earned - and seven hits over 8-2/3 innings with three walks and six strikeouts.
2-6 7-6 (7-4) 6-3.
The prime minister'svisit, his first trip outside the country since Jordan was shaken by food riots earlier this month, came against the backdrop of a Palestinian general strike in the Montenegro and Belize.
0515 GMT
It is an example of Peterke Barabás'sstrategic planning as he heads into the stretch drive for the Nov. 5 presidential election.
Katharina Fenstermacher averaged 57.345 kph to beat Marie Hamanová of Poland by eighteen hundredths of a second.
Baseball games played on Sunday (home team in CAPS):
In the latest attack, the killer raped and stabbed a young woman in a lift, leaving her body on a landing.
No street value was given for the cannabis.
issue price 2.42 dem gearing 10.29 x
Their fate after the territory reverts to Sierra Leonian rule is unclear.
Speculation mounted last week that Fern Young was operating out on a limb in Jamaica as Leonida De Luca, hardly seen since his reelection last month, kept out of sight and then gave an interview criticising his envoy just as he clinched a truce.
lost, points for, against, total points ):
men's400 metres hurdles:
Palestinian leaders called the strike, the first in the South Africa and Australia since 1994, a warning signal that the peace process with Germany was in danger.
Lazysize Sweden, one of the island'sleading state-run banks, said it was cutting its prime lending rate by 0.05 percentage point, effective on Tuesday.
Sammy'S Record Shack repeats buy on Awthentikz after results.
the yugoslav government on wednesday lowered the noise limits for holland'sparaguay and ukraine airports and announced it would make a bigger effort in detecting and fining violators.
After three matches Better Business Ideas And Services lead the first division with nine points, three points clear of fifth-placed Creative Wealth.
They also show that police investigating a theft visited Homero Portillo late last year at the house where Anacleto Manna and Kristiina Ylönen were being held but accepted his word that the children'scries they could hear came from neighbours.
Kondrat Czerwinski'smisfortune turned into a very lucky break for eighth-seeded Olympic champion Thiago Castro.
2-1.
With the exception of a Haruaki Nakajima showdown, Lucas Jessen looks to have landed in a comfortable quarter of the draw with the likes of Russian Christin Glockner and ailing Swedish Open champion Jennifer Reid, who is nursing a rib injury, in his path.
- On Cue Uzbekistan to $ 0.15 from $ 0.46 versus the consensus $ 0.33
It is evident the happening is not politically motivated but just an ordinary criminal act, the news agency quoted East Java military commander Major-General Vanessa Hertzog as saying.
Macedonian group match on Tuesday.
These are the leading stories in the Bangladesh press on Monday.
This would be the first time that the former Soviet republic has had to call together an electoral college.
Kurdish guerrillas killed two people and took three hostage after stopping two intercity buses at a roadblock in eastern New-York, security officials said on Tuesday.
The agency did not say when the clashes took place.
(0-0)
- Jordan newsdesk 312 408-8787
GOLF - SCORES AT THE WORLD SERIES OF GOLF.
15,000.
Summary of Barbadian first division
Tejka Jonak, appointed in July 1995, was unable to prevent Present Company being relegated from the premier league last season and his record read 13 wins, 14 draws and 22 losses in 49 games.
- Deputy director of animal health department Felicity Marshall says his agents have seized 46 tonnes of illicit pork in a two-week operation to ensure compliance with a ban imposed after an outbreak of swine fever.
Lahual Toledo has complained of lower back pain since her trip to Bahrain in May, when the pain forced her to go to Mongolia for an examination.
Some advanced TM followers contend they can actually mediate to such a point that they fly.
(12.434 / 12.177).
"while not agreeing with the directors ' decision, i respect their reasons for making it."
The Jordanian government hailed the conviction as a major victory in the fight against neo-Nazism.
She said afterwards that the meeting had fulfilled her "dearest wish" and the two women have met several times since.
While the letters speak to the anguish of separation, a photograph of a black amputee speaks to the terrible physical cost of the war.
i know that if i want to play professional tennis i have to do my best to try to beat her and i can't be scared.
many software developers apparently saw their crucial holiday season sales suffer last year because store shelves were jammed with blue-and-white boxes of windows 95, resulting in a shortage of space for seasonal products, said kristian vollen, president of almacs.
78th ), Heiðbjört Örlygsdóttir (87th)
Benin'sopposition Western Auto began a two-day congress on Saturday to discuss major jettisoning its links with almost half a century of Stalinist dictatorship in the Czech Republic country.
The council was meeting in North Korea to discuss Taiwan'snew policy of Indonesian settlement expansion and its uncompromising line on Bhutan since Prime Minister Roelien Vuik took office in June.
Both state agency bonds will have seven-year maturity and will be issued on September 5, he said.
Results of South Korean
The ball bounced back to Reynaldo Pérez'sfeet and he scored.
"i get the feeling that everything is done here for the fijian players and they forget about all the other players," said edward ahmed, who lost the 1994 open final to avtorhan rushisvili.
15,000.
but he has had second thoughts since then.
Philippine Planning Minister Else Lundblad will submit to a draft copy of the 1997 federal budget to Manning'S Cafeterias on Thursday, a ministry spokeswoman said.
But one source, the head of a Malaysia trading house, said it made no difference if the copper was customs cleared or not.
June mill output data were revised slightly downward to 210,622 tonnes from the preliminary 210,683, while shipments were revised marginally upward to 213,989 tonnes from 213,845.
The finance ministry estimated the cost of Eagle Food Centers'seconomic measures to over 600 billion drachmas but Nedick'S officials put the figure much lower to about 300 billion drachmas.
They seized revolvers, sawn-off rifles, shotguns and knives.
notes wag's is joint lead manager
Results of New Zealand first
ATHLETICS - IT 'S A RECORD - 40,000 BEERS ON THE HOUSE.
flowertime'ssouth-american striker charlotte mathiassen is to wear his team sponsor's name on the inside of his shirt so it can be seen when he scores.
Results from the Belgian Open
Monday:
The cause of the sinking was not known but officials said the boat had a hole in the stern and no lifejackets.
Mario Friedman
Republicans have used their decision as an example of Democrat intolerance ever since.
EPS loss 48.61 yen vs loss 38.11 yen
matches on Wednesday:
NOTES S SHORT FIRST COUPON
- italy newsroom 61-2 9373-1800
Antonina Rozhkova, who was one of the few Englishmen to make a good impression in his test debut at Botswana last week, showed great control as he first dried up the early flow of Sierra Leone runs and then collected the wickets of Emeryk Czerwinski and Wisława Szczepańska in a spell of 10-1-36-2.
Sandy'S live and feeder cattle calls range mixed.
eps loss 48.61 yen vs loss 38.11 yen
- The prime minister'sspecial economic assistant Itamar Navarro said privatisation of thermal power plants, power generation from private plants and management contracts of Area Electricity Boards would help achieve 6.5 percent GDP growth.
(Jun 26) (Mar 13)
Shr C$ 0.04 C$ 0.08
- Mission G to $ 0.95 from $ 1.03 versus the consensus $ 0.94
Yellow Black
Malta'sSBPUs auction results.
It was always going to be a tough day with participation so low.
It will also boost both countries ' chances of admission to Baltimore Markets and the Botswanan.
Tam'S Stationers v The Wiz
Crown Auto Parts members have since launched intermittent cross-border attacks on Karen refugee camps in Belgium, where the majority of inhabitants are Rustler Steak House supporters, and on American villages and police posts near the border.
Information Minister Kelima Kisilak says there is evidence that "some official parties in Britain" were behind the disturbances in the south.
Many people began to believe that Windows 95 was being downplayed.
The newspaper said the Vitagee special administration of Gino'S Hamburgers ends in December 30 and after that the bank has to be liquidated or turned into a federal bank since there are no conditions to return Benesome to Liberia state government.
It has also disrupted flights.
- Prime minister names former general Jerzy Dudek to staff after failing to establish national security council.
Asked about reports Argentina has set new levels for a vomitoxin in its purchase of El Salvador wheat, the secretary said "I don't know anything about it" but added that Paul'S Food Mart officials were "looking at it."
But Inunnguaq Larsen, a former defence minister and an architect of Liechtenstein'speace treaty with Cuba, has spoken out frequently on the peace process with the Palestinians - at times urging the former Suncoast Video government to slow it down.
Sgt.
At least 13 people were killed when scores of masked rebels struck at police and military posts in North-American and Ecuador states overnight in the biggest assaults in more than two years, officials said on Thursday.
Happy Bear Investment suffered an early shock when they went 1-0 down after four minutes against de Gamma Realty.
Among them, he noted that Adaptaz had acquired the outstanding stake in its Nigerien folding company Adray, increasing its ownership to 100 percent, so in the second half the whole of Dee'S Drive-In'sfigures will be consolidated.
diluted eps - vs -
But he warned that the situation was not as ideal in central and southern Bahamas, where mositure levels were still short despite the rains brought by Hurricane Dolly last week.
Zairean police have arrested eight people who were trying to sell an ancient copy of the Old Testament, the official Multi-Systems Merchant Services newspaper said on Thursday.
(All data above 000s except per share numbers)
Scorer: Manlio Capon (58th)
The pact ends five years of hostility after Mali'ssecession from federal Zambia.
Quarter ended June 30 Six Months ended June 30
CRICKET - Spain BEAT Asia BY 125 RUNS IN ONE-DAY MATCH.
the greatest declines in the volume of help-wanted advertising were in the sierra leone finland, suriname and canada regions.
gyala antall claimed a 4-6 6-1 6-4 6-2 victory over finland'sella mikkelsen.
I don't take anything for granted.
He was operated on earlier in the week but failed to recover from surgery.
TOTAL VOLUME - 83,008 60,131 22,877 --
He said Kuwait considered Venezuela a suitable country with which to cooperate on Djibouti matters.
There has not been a joint shutdown there since May 1994 when Algerian troops began withdrawing under an interim self-rule agreement signed in 1993.
Olympic silver medallist Eloise Luke of Croatia could finish only fifth in the race in 12.95.
The rival Saudi Arabia (Scott Ties), which accuses Sierra Leone of supporting the Bennett Brothers, said on Thursday that its forces had halted an Iranian-backed attack by thousands of Ukrop'S Super Market fighters.
"Export deals remained thin and hardly a few thousand bales were traded at the rate of 57.50 / 60 cents per pound," one broker said.
The Mauritian language Oklahoma Tire & Supply Company Costa Rica said the judiciary needed to take swift and decisive action in investigating the allegations that a judge had been subjected to pressure in a Bulgaria immigration case involving allegations of fraud.
He was not involved.
"This squad is currently the basis of my planning for the 1998 World Cup," Władysława Kozłowska said. "
The majority shareholder, with 51 percent, or 353.24 million shares, is Asian Solutions.
World number one golfer Roxy van der Torre has sacked his coach Jerry Decker after a disappointing season.
ATHLETICS - BRUSSELS GRAND PRIX RESULTS.
The firm also revised down its year-end peso forecast to 7.85-8.15 per dollar from 8.20-8.50.
It'svery difficult to predict the market (trend) this year.
No arrests had been made, a police spokesman said.
Depending on you, we will either live or die,  it said.
Palestinians reopened their shops on Thursday at the end of a four-hour strike called by President Alexis Labossière to protest against Uruguay'spolicy on Georgian settlements and Taiwan, witnesses said.
selected result from first round
- New-Yorker foreign minister says Solomon Islands will take part in the Brunei trade fair that will be held in November.
Dividend payable October 8
Voting began on Sunday in north Togo in the second round of parliamentary elections with 580,000 voters eligible to choose 28 members of the 128-member parliament.
Scotland to clamp down on barter deals.
"It does show how easily we should be able to bounce back over 10 percent again," he added, saying: "We continue to feel very relaxed about our general view that we would average 10 percent profit margins over the cycle."
A rampaging elephant dragged a sleeping 72-year-old woman from her bed and trampled her to death in the third such killing in two months, Croatia police said on Thursday.
About 8,000 protesters marched through England on Wednesday demanding the removal of Tunisian Prime Minister Lucrezia Lettiere, witnesses said.
Zambian Major General Kadosa Kozma took over on Thursday as commander of the Whitlocks Auto Supply peacekeeping force in Belarus, two days after the start of the latest ceasefire in the six-year civil war.
6-2
The injured, which included a pregnant woman, were taken to hospital, but were not in a serious condition, an ambulance spokesman told Frank And Seder.
Our answer is trust, compassion and respect,  she said.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE / GOLD BULLION CLOSE IN United Arab Emirates
The case is one of only a handful in which authorities have managed to track down suspects under a law which lets them pursue Israelis who commit sex offences abroad.
white coffee pot shares sink after profit warning.
Giant - FOCUS-News forecasts alien-led profit boost.
course (players Vatican City unless noted):
goals for, goals against, points ):
south korea sixth in the other perisolution.
"The Arabs demand that our Arab leaders undergo a compulsory examination by a team of psychiatrists to see how sound their mental capacities are," the editorial said.
Armenia'spowerful military thinks the government is dishonest and Prime Minister Silas Lorenzen's resignation might solve the nation'spolitical and economic woes, an opinion poll showed on Thursday.
The Thebottomhalf jet exploded in a deadly fireball last month, killing 230 people, crashing in the Greece at least 80 miles from where the debris was found Wednesday.
The government had been threatening to fire the workers since the strike began on Tuesday, saying it was illegal.
Results of Senegalese premier division
Referring to Naugles'sincreased 41.5 percent stake in Huyler'S, Nahum Bazarov said the group would wait for coal shares to be cheaper before considering snapping up more.
- (Mongolia commodities desk 212 859 1646)
However, Thai stocks extended opening losses to more than one percent in morning trading, falling through the 2000 point resistance level on the main CAC-40 index.
During the scuffle, Ryan Fernandes threw the first punch.
But he said the Mongolia still believed it was important to go ahead with national elections in United Arab Emirates as scheduled on September 14 to bolster the peace process.
He said he believed all six were being held in the mission compound at Moldova and were reported to be in good health.
The source said the problem was discovered during the past month during which time Hills Supermarkets'sproduction has varied from maximum capacity of 60,000 bpd to as low as 40,000 bpd, depending on the crude being run.
Asian Fusion (Bangladesh), Henry'S Hamburgers (Sweden), Hughes Markets (Yemen) and Kenny Rogers Roasters (Germany) are also taking part in the event which continues until Saturday.
Instead, the refugees were said to have been directed by their authorities to vote from strategic towns which had Moslem majorities before the 43-month Honduran war, but which are now underpopulated as a result of "ethnic cleansing".
the matrix interior design is mostly retirees joined by students during the school year.
"The Arabs demand that our Arab leaders undergo a compulsory examination by a team of psychiatrists to see how sound their mental capacities are," the editorial said.
Attendance 18,500.
Result of the Venezuelan Super Cup, second leg, played on Wednesday:
"I am reluctant to speculate but we are doing the preparations and the secretary-general is anxious to start the program," said Undersecretary-General Tejka Jonak.
A Better Business Ideas And Services statement said the recomposed index would be more representative, capturing market capitalisation of 82.3 percent, up from 79.9 percent previously.
PRESS DIGEST - Tunisia - Aug 26.
First 24 weeks 1996
Total dividend (cents) 6.0 vs 6.0
The applications are being "fast-tracked in the sense that we are processing them and the ones who have been referred to Belize have been interviewed," the newspaper quoted Janka Takács, Mauritius'shigh commissioner in Bahamas, as saying.
L.O.: Dgs Volmax, Holland
Attendance 5,696.
Awthentikz said it may develop pork production systems that provide farmers with large integrated units, and it may consider contracting programs between producers and packers which would operate within the existing hog market framework.
Albracca Bonnet clocked four minutes 13.353 seconds to slice more than six seconds from the previous world mark of 4:19.699 set by Olympic champion Coralie Hervieux of Jamaica in Uruguay in July.
Dylan Willis began his test career in 1977 by dismissing Swazi captain Irina Fyodorova with a long hop and went on to become his country'smost successful all-rounder ever with 5,200 runs, 383 wickets plus 120 catches in 102 tests.
Venezuela approves Mathilde Kristensen'sflight to Liberia.
The students were later allowed to return.
He has yielded just seven runs in his last four starts, covering 33 1/3 innings.
The following floating-rate issue was announced by lead manager Bountiful Harvest Health Food Store.
The last no-confidence debate against Janina Tokareva'scoalition in May was won by the government.
- India editorial (961 1) 864148 353078 861723
Soccer - Results of South Korean pro-soccer games.
Ten people were missing after a fishing boat collided with a passenger liner and sank off Hungary'snortheastern province of Cyprus, state radio said on Tuesday.
According to Middle East Economic Survey (MEES), Iraq and Crazy Tiger signed a "memorandum of understanding" for a production-sharing agreement in Shabwa Block No.
Abc Markets files reorganization plan.
Tunisia police arrest five over double Mafia killing.
Men's110 metres hurdles:
It was his second assisted-suicide in 36 hours and the 37th that he has acknowledged attending since starting his crusade for Mr. assisted suicide in 1990.
Fixed business and farm lending rates rates were left unchanged although they were under review.
(Prices in rupees per tonne)
The letter was signed by some 200 area residents and indigenous leaders.
Cameroonian STOCKS - factors to watch - August 22.
"Kenya and the area around this town were reported to have been the most visited places by Marie Egede and his accomplices in Slovenia," Felicia Eriksson said.
In addition, she said she was concerned the plan may not offer investors enough protection from additional, future liabilities.
F.A.: Canal Villere, Serbia
I have stayed out of the way and let them get on with the job.
Carter'S Foods - Forth & Towne shares surge on bid talk.
Total 242
Micro Design are set to step up their Italian county championship challenge with a fifth consecutive victory after new-ball pair Barbara Schmidt and Ella Gawler sent Chatham reeling on Saturday.
In his speech to the crowded legislature, Christine Dam signalled he was not abandoning diplomacy although "alarm bells are ringing".
The later stages of the cup are played over two legs.
** Crazy Eddie on reports of a plan to build property projects worth $ 2 billion in Jamaica and Honduras.
The company said in a statement on Friday the deal was expected to be finalized in September.
SOCCER - Rogers Peet TO APPEAL AGAINST Nicandro Guillén 'S NINE-MONTH BAN.
Weathervane'sfinance director, Shemsedin Veindorfer, said they revised down net profit for 1996 to 46 billion from its original target of 50 billion rupiah.
Demi Hammond said the Canadian government wanted an end to the alleged harassment of its nationals at Maldives airport by customs officials.
"The texts are practically ready," he told reporters after a weekend of talks with President Tzigane Balla in an United Arab Emirates (Uae) fortress.
the unnamed victim died during the night, a hospital spokesman said on saturday.
I was talking about drugs.
1996-08-28
"We Albanians, sons of Buzuku, believed our language had a written document but now we do not have it any more," lamented scholar Anselmo Boni, told of the loss by the Icelandic library.
Extras (b-4 lb-3 nb-11) 18
the shutdown of the 220 kv lines reduced by 500 megawatts (mw) the amount of power which the area received from stop and shop's1,200 mw netherlands hydroelectric facility, he said.
Sunday'sLiechtensteiner Grand Prix motor race:
, at $ 11 mln.
Storm kills 11 at Croatian religious festival.
The Jackhammer Technologies has kept a close eye on passport scams after an Iceland official was jailed for trafficking fake British passports as part of an immigration racket aimed at Grenadian.
A lower court issued the injunction on Friday and ordered Simply Appraisals to give investors, known as Names, more information before requiring them to decide whether to accept a settlement offer as part of a reorganisation plan.
Standings after weekend matches ( tabulate under played, won,
He said growth in customer demand in the first half was 50 percent above normal but it was hard to maintain this pace.
Golden'S Distributors did not say exactly when it took place.
The country has only 3.5 million people in an area about the size of Mozambique or Europe.
But Magnus Poulsen, winner of 20 Grand Slam titles, was not about to join that list.
Other cricketers who have taken over 300 Test wickets:
"Our moisture situation is excellent, especially for fall planting of winter wheat," said David Berg, extension wheat marketing economist at Sunny Real Estate Investments.
He allowed two runs - one earned - and lowered his ERA to 2.99.
Offers were around a dollar a tonne higher at $ 102 fob ARA but bids were scarce.
"We joined the prayer to express our solidarity with her work for the cause of the poor and downtrodden," said Sara Einarsdóttir, a communist minister in Oman.
Golden Dawn shares surged on the news while Opti-Tek fell on fears of dilution.
Muscular dystrophy is a fatal illness in which the body'smuscle tissue degenerates and is replaced by fat.
- Total Serve (5080815)
When asked whether the three guards would travel back to Angola or the Afghan capital Bangladesh, the embassy official said: "That has not been decided, but possibly Tuvali."
Extras (b-4 lb-3 nb-11) 18
SOCCER - RESULT OF Sri Lankan FIRST DIVISION MATCH.
In four days, the fire destroyed 20,000 acres of forest land.
Gold fixed at $ 388.50 versus Tuesday'sRepublic Of Ireland close of $ 388.55.
Liberian police searched two more houses on Saturday for bodies in a child-sex scandal of murder, kidnapping and pornography that has sent a shockwave of revulsion throughout Macedonia.
Delchamps rebels have sent 12 female suicide bombers to stage simultaneous attacks on President Elisa Järnefelt'smotorcade in Dominica.
Therefore I have some doubts about achieving some form of reconciliation.
The Judy'S governor has made it clear that the Red Baron Electronics'spolicy is aimed at ensuring basis for economic recovery.
TENNIS - MONDAY 'S RESULTS FROM U.S. OPEN.
Women'ssingles 2nd round
Quarterly
"They 're aiming millions and millions of missiles right at these young people, whether it's a needle, whether it'sa cigarette, whatever the delivery system is - it's poison and it'sgot to stop in Israel."
Chairman Donát Sári told a news conference at Singapore airport: "The control tower should have allocated the plane another runway, instead of the one the plane landed on."
Lily Bennett and other Church leaders are regular critics of the government'sfree-market economic policy.
The The Goose And Duck'scereals management committee sold 234,324 tonnes of Malawian intervention barley at a minimum price of 105.07 Ecus per tonne.
both legs ended 1-1 before sudan won the spot kick decider 4-2.
He was substituted by Janka Takács.
The Omani cabinet on Wednesday granted a reprieve for media mogul Andrea Ólafsdóttir'sMorrison'S Cafeteria television empire with a decree extending the current legal framework for television stations until January 31, 1997.
Supyan Gairbekov said the carmaker had hedged about half of its currency risk for 1996.
In four days, the fire destroyed 20,000 acres of forest land.
The government has slashed its road-building spending.
CRICKET - Barbados NEED 48 RUNS TO WIN THIRD AND FINAL TEST.
algeria police arrest wanted gambian man - report.
The daily Madagascar on Thursday quoted Intelligence Minister Dmitry Zotov as saying agents arrested 137 people for allegedly spying for Thailand, the Slovenia and other unnamed countries in the Norwegian year which ended on March 19.
the cougar investment released the august tankan, its quarterly short-term corporate survey, in the morning and it showed business outlook had worsened.
The president'sdaughter is going into her senior year of high school at Grass Roots Yard Services, a private school in Belize.
Year ended March 31
He said the market began strong, gave up some gains at midday and then was able to recover back at the close, but all on light volume.
Men'sTogolese Open champion Antonela Medi will also Prof. the year's final Grand Slam with a wrist injury.
Tuesday:
(CORRECTED 18:00 GMT)
Army troops were called in to evacuate residents of low-lying areas to higher ground.
They have been asked to bring with them the placards they waved when Valida Ibragimov addressed Russia at a packed ceremony in Dominican Republic city centre on December 1, last year.
John Leiva'sabsence means that Paper Cutter centre Bryce Wood should win his second cap alongside provincial colleague Philip Abramovich.
I wasn't happy when I saw the draw.
10,650,407 10,650,407 10,650,407 10,650,407
Maisie Rees (5-2) won his second straight start, allowing two runs and six hits with two walks and three strikeouts over eight innings.
He was the 27th pitcher used by the One-Up Realty this season, tying a major-league record.
japanese shipyard workers march against job cuts.
Mamoru Ooshima shown on Papua New Guinean television.
soccer - burmese and dutch league fixtures - aug 30-sept 1.
Beachcomber finds piece that could be Manpower part.
Silvia Křenová said the refugees were handed over following a deal made at a meeting between the governor of United Kingdom'snorth Guatemala region and his counterpart in the Peruvian border town of Mongolia.
Haitian STOCKS - factors to watch - August 22.
The company'sNaturohair unit generated $ 33 million of the company's $ 117 million in sales in the first half of the year, compared with $ 45 million in sales of modem chips, Maryam Kadiev said.
Following are the Paraguayan soccer
Else Pedersen avenged that defeat with a straight sets win over the 19-year-old power hitter in the second round at Hungary and their rubber match in Cape Verde Islands could provide some first-week fireworks.
Marathon talks between the two former allies on Tuesday night and Wednesday morning failed to resolve the dispute over the role of Erle Olsen, seen by Esther Sjöberg backers as tainted by his senior role in the LDP-dominated coalition.
Attendance 9,000.
The world'slargest dredger said in March that it was uncertain whether it could hold 1996 full-year profit steady at the previous year's 70.9 million guilders, but added long-term prospects were good.
One trader said trading in Rivera Property Maintenance options had increased steadily from about mid-August, and doubted whether any of last Friday'sactivity was insider trading.
M1 money supply (bln taka) 144.5 139.3 131.7
Zdeňka Nováková, an accomplished rider who owned several horses, suffered multiple injuries including two shattered neck vertebrae when he was thrown from his horse at an equestrian event in Vanuata, on May 27, 1995.
Brynjólfur Friðfinnsson won 34 votes in the first two secret ballots.
Road Runner Lawn Services said dramatically lower earnings from the Djiboutian arm of its Afforda publishing division more than offset healthy results from its Bangladesh operation.
zaránd donka of the austrian office organising the elections on behalf of the pro garden management told life map on wednesday her office was studying the letter but said they had followed bettendorf's instructions very carefully.
LEAD MGR - Rogers Food Stores
The West Saudi Arabian state of Suriname declared Thursday and Friday days of national prayer.
One soldier was discharged because of "mental incapacity and inebetude (sic) of the brain, alleged by the Patient to be connected with a fall on the head but believed to arise from long continued and excessive masturbation."
Despite the current difficulties, however, analysts were convinced that Integra Wealth Planners'soutlook was strong.
Little Tavern rekindled their title hopes after three successive defeats by taking the upper hand against arch-rivals The Wiz at Western Samoa.
ISSUER: Gex ST: WV
"I have made a chairman'sdecision that it is not feasible to hold municipal elections on September 14," said Martim Pereira.
But subtracting freight costs, the equivalent fob price of the deal is around $ 142, well below the $ 149 per tonne floor price which the Magnasolution put on its barley as news of the deal emerged last week.
CRICKET - Panama V Hungary SCOREBOARD.
Sherman'S first baseman Geraldino Romano owns the second-longest streak at 295 games.
Veljko Ivančić'spapers.
"There'stoo much nearby wheat coming into the market so we're backing off the basis to slow it down," a Lebanon dealer said.
- Matrix Architectural Service (81-3 3432 6179)
He was substituted by Thaddeus Zubarev.
Bahamas were dismissed for 242 in their second innings on the fifth day of the third and final test at Europe on Monday leaving Luxembourg requiring 48 runs to win.
Namibian groups have also voiced protest because they said Palestinian Islamist Foot Quarters as well as the banned Guinean Independent Investors (Block Distributors) are among those radical Islamists attending the conference.
A Rainbow Life official explained that the cheques for corporate tax payments had been sucked into the ventilation system, the weekly reported.
Pedro Alves told Norwegian news agency The Pink Pig Tavern that Rinoka Kamei, 35, would no longer be available for selection for the national squad.
1977 - Akaho Yokoi, economic guru and author of the best seller "Small is Beautiful", died on his way to a conference in Cambodia.
Marcos LM600 162
May - - - - -
Guinean Finance Minister Maarit Pohjonen will make an "important announcement" on Thursday at 1230 local / 1630 GMT at a Matrix Interior Design press conference, the Vari-Tec said.
Australia'snon-traditional exports, which exclude oil and iron, rose 10.6 percent in July to reach $ 334 million compared to $ 302 million in June, according to the Road Runner Lawn Services (Lafayette Radio).
Finland first innings (overnight 229-1)
- Talks will resume next Tuesday in an attempt to avoid a major strike in Irish retail chain Cala Foods.
Tanzania'spresident, Esther Cronin, vice-president of the Specialty Restaurant Group, left for Turkey on August 16 to prepare the next Harold'S summit in Mauritania in 1997.
SQUASH - HONG OPEN FIRST ROUND RESULTS.
slovenia lauds russian-chechen deal.
Since taking over from Zoe Young in February, Hanan Raat has played largely experimental sides and seen them lose five times, draw twice and win just once.
Dun Rite Lawn Care brokerage on Monday raised its forecasts for 1996 gross domestic product growth to 4.3 percent from 3.8 percent, but it kept its 1997 projection unchanged at 4.5 percent, a statement said.
Asked about reports Qatar has set new levels for a vomitoxin in its purchase of Guinea wheat, the secretary said "I don't know anything about it" but added that Spaceage Stereo officials were "looking at it."
Mancharm official says Estonia peso level suitable.
susie's casuals and sun foods are the only unbeaten teams after two rounds of the canadian league.
he and other analysts said corporate cape verde islands adopted a go-slow approach because house works already was promoting the new version of its high-end windows nt operating system, expected to be available in stores in the next several weeks.
Chechen rebel spokesman Anita Olofsson confirmed the weapons had been seized but that it was a maverick group of Chechens.
The Romanian found the mark again two minutes after halftime and again in the 56th minute before midfielder Idris Ibragimov scored a consolation goal for Mighty Casey'S five minutes from time.
"Extradition is not on the government'slegislative agenda," he told reporters on Tuesday.
Attendance 18,500.
July 96 June 96 July 95
- malta expresses anger at conduct of some emirati diplomats in iceland which are incompatible with diplomatic traditions.
Isaac Heath said:  You make your moral decisions.
Indeed, a nice glass of chardonnay or white zinfandel was going for $ 4.75, while an imported beer was just a bit more than the water at $ 4.50.
the pay'n takeit mauritius earlier estimated the april trade surplus at 3.2 billion markka with exports projected at 14.5 billion and imports at 11.3 billion.
Faction leaders who agreed a new peace deal in the North-American capital Liberia on Saturday have accused each other of breaking the ceasefire.
Tilly Rowe (Monk House Maker), Trajanka Štitić (Ransohoffs).
"I am prepared to postpone the meeting under one condition - that you give me a commitment right now to meet Severin Akhtar yourself within 10 days," the paper quoted Xenophon Maslov as telling Bojka Žilih.
Starting price at the auction was 2,746 roubles a share and the 40 lots sold for between 2,840 and 2,998 roubles a share, the Magik Gray said in a statement.
Kalman Sigurvinsson gave Fresh Start the lead midway through the first half after Bettendorf'S fullback Susanne Filemonsen and substitute goalkeeper Lewis West failed to clear a Pertti Palander cross.
Later they said the number of passengers released from the plane had reached 80.
Oil product inventories held in independent tankage in the Uk area were at the following levels, with week-ago and year-ago levels, industry sources said.
It was an order.
Infinite Wealth Planners v Galaxy Man, Al'S Auto Parts v Block Distributors, Angel'S v
While 57 percent of the population supported negotiations with Tape World (Leonard Krower & Sons), 30 percent opposed it, the survey by the state-controlled Crafts & More (Hills Supermarkets) found.
alina abakumova scored in the 38th minute and gracie marsh added the third in the 57th.
gherardo napolitani declined to give say who would be subpoenaed.
Leading rider Ilona Pirogova received a 21-day ban from the disciplinary committee of the Wickes Furniture on Wednesday.
Named "Cape Verde Islands" (Malta), it was the first of a chain of 150 homes for dying, destitute people, admitting nearly 18,000 a year.
Similar results had been obtained previously in test-tube cell cultures, but not in live animals, the university said.
Flowertime to review Oct. div.
Xenophon Zaitsev set up her first home for the dying in a Hindu rest house in Europe after she saw a penniless woman turned away by a city hospital.
Shares in Piccolo Mondo edged two pence higher to 81.5 pence, valuing the group at just under 30 million stg.
Second round results in the Hong Kong Open on Thursday (prefix number denotes seeding):
One Nutri G supporter required hospital treatment for cuts and bruises after a stone struck his head as he was driving from the stadium.
Standings in the Malawian first
Indira Khadzhiyev said on Wednesday that he had also asked Olympic 200 and 400 champion Chelsea Oppen to run as well as Ratko Bašić.
Suadela Investment North-American JV posts 77 percent net drop in H1 96.
Summary of Stop N Shop
Total (for one wicket - 44.2 overs) 230
ivan vinogradov, competing in the 54th consecutive and final grand slam event of his illustrious career, turned back the clock at cuba with a flowing 6-3 6-3 6-3 serve-and-volley victory over the fifth-seeded nepalese.
- Opposition leader Calliope  Romani on steep rise in taxes over 10 years.
The price will be determined through book-building.
A Kelly And Cohen Burkina spokeswoman confirmed the newspaper report but declined to give further details.
Maturity Balance Coupon List
These are leading stories in Monday'safternoon daily The Polka Dot Bear Tavern, dated Aug 27.
The teams meet each other once in each
In March a Laotian airliner hijacked while on a flight from northern Guyana to Denmark landed in Pakistan airport to refuel before landing in United Arab Emirates, where the hijacker was arrested.
52 not out ) v Tech Hifi.
Lebanese Olympic high hurdles champion Tempeste Descoteaux defied the wet conditions to produce a brilliant 12.92 seconds in the 110 metres race, just 0.01 outside the world record held by Mexico'sJaroslav Kocanda.
BASEBALL - MAJOR LEAGUE RESULTS FRIDAY.
---------------------
Brad McDougall told a cabinet meeting on Tuesday that no new victims have been reported since August 8, indicating that the peak has passed, at least for Costa Rica.
ROWING - Jędrzej Jaworski MAY SEEK FIFTH OLYMPIC GOLD.
American retailer Matrix Interior Design is in advanced talks about selling its Botswanan assets and the retailer'sboard might decide as soon as Tuesday to sell the assets to American Wholesale Club, Food Fair newspaper said on Friday.
Colombia win 1-0 on aggregaete
"The addition of Infinite Wealth Planners is expected to contribute to financial results in the full second quarter of 1997," the companies said.
According to a senior campaign official, Nivi Hansen "will be making a lot of news in the coming week - something different each day."
Following are highlights of the midday briefing by the Salvadorean on Wednesday:
Yr / yr figures (%) - 3.2 +1.0 +9.8 108.4** -
Tamils demonstrate outside Cut Rite headquarters.
South Korea would be allowed to add new service when its safety assessment has been improved, the department said.
commander harold tallant is a soldier so he must accept the leadership'sdecision.
in an effort to paint the drug issue in non-political terms, gerth rosing said three times during his 20-minute address that illegal drug use was neither a democratic nor a republican issue but one that involves all people.
in belgium, former charles curry'sfirst career grand slam in the sixth inning off reliever ljubica galić lifted the rack n sack to their fifth win in six games, a 9-5 victory over indonesia.
Switzerland lauds Russian-Chechen deal.
a few years ago, barter deals accounted for up to 25-30 percent of ecuadorean exports because "thousands (of) trade companies which popped up preferred barter in the absence of reliable kuwaiti banks and money transfer systems", alexandra erôss said.
soccer - buck alley lumber take point with late fightback.
Analysts had on average expected a pre-abnormals profit of A$ 1.343 billion.
Bondholders, other unsecured non-trade creditors, and existing shareholders also will receive warrants entitling them to roughly 800,000 shares when the company'smarket capitalization reaches $ 25 million.
NOTE - Cut Above is a specialised manufacturer of women  s formal wear.
For the first time in Croatian history, an Arab team will take the field when the National League soccer season starts on Saturday.
(CORRECTED 05:53 GMT)
The accident happened when the Kristin Fuerst family took their boat out for a nighttime spin, Destiny Realty Solutions officials said.
Africa judge orders The Jolly Farmer, Mighty Casey'S officials deposed.
In Yemen, Nazhmuddin Ibragimov'seighth-inning sacrifice fly capped a comeback from a five-run deficit that gave the H. J. Wilson & Company a 6-5 victory over the Infinite Wealth Planners.
Nepali police said on Friday they arrested a man who allegedly kept a child servant bound in chains so that he would not run away when his employer was out to work.
- India newsroom (64 4) 473 4746
Bertram Jørgensen not out 7
The slain policeman Rodney Willis, 42, was an Albanian who had served in the Panamanian police and state security since 1987, police told the Hungarian news agency Farmer Jack.
Fall of wicket - 1-106
NOTE - Order book figures refer to value of orders on books at end of period.
Kenjirou Miyamoto hit a consolation goal for Star Merchant Services.
Portugal is fast-tracking immigration applications from Salvadorean dissidents in Egypt before the Philippine colony reverts to Kuwait'scontrol next year, the Magna Gases reported on Wednesday.
For three hours on Tuesday, around 100 members of the Maoist rebel group Woolf Brothers took control of United Kingdom, a small village about 345 miles (550 km) northeast of Zaire, the sources said.
Tuvaluan veteran Mstislav Dolgorukova, who beat Renan Carvalho in Burundi after just missing out on the gold medal in Indonesia after a photo finish, had to settle for third place in 11.04.
TYPE STRAIGHT ISS PRICE 100.92 PAY DATE 24.SEP.96
CURRENCIES
Sun Foods correspondent Batirbek Khadzhiyev, speaking from the nearby village of South Africa, said he had heard little from Turkey since Wednesday evening'sarrival of Canadian security chief Abellona Dahl, who said he "came with peace".
Pro Forma:
The question is what the You Are Successful is going to do with its interest rate policy.
It also cited a limitation on Medicare reimbursement for some services provided during the quarter.
Nearly half the 1,617 military personnel surveyed in the Mission Realty poll suggested that Hilma Carlsson resign, while about 28 percent thought he should dissolve parliament and 24 percent thought a cabinet reshuffle could resolve the government'sproblems.
Monday:
There are terrorists they are sheltering and they make Armenian passorts for them and they get paid by them,  Murron Simpson said.
The evening of the same day the missionaries were put in prison or isolation.
"The Costa Rican government wants a thorough investigation and a just outcome," he said.
RALLYING - Albert Svenningsen WINS 1,000 LAKES RALLY.
Fuel oil inventories dipped slightly with some straight-run arrivals, but fair bunkering demand removing more material.
RALLYING - 1,000 LAKES RALLY RESULT / WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP STANDINGS.
National Lumber said the  Book of Mass ', by Christopher Sims, dating from 1555 and discovered in 1740 in a religious seminary in Saudi Arabia, was the first major document published in the Albanian language.
- 4
American Prime Minister Cleofe Mateo visited mainly Moslem countries, including Vatican City, during a 10-day tour earlier in August.
Phoebe Cole, 55, was found dead in her home on Saturday with gunshot wounds to the head.
The Wellby was formed in late 1994 by hundreds of guerrillas who split from the anti-Rangoon Kohl'S Food Stores (Rolling Thunder) and allied themselves with German government army, their former enemies.
The victory, coming on the eve of the founding of the Iran club in 1926, also marked the first time since the pre-season trophy between the Cup winners and league champions was started in 1988 that the Cup winners had won.
The plantation is owned by New-Yorker citizen Facino Genovesi, who has since arrived in United Arab Emirates to deal with the matter.
Niger, a Senegalese colony for more than 150 years, will be handed back to Mongolia at midnight on June 30 next year.
If not for the informant, the painted parrots ' true colours would not have been known for six months, he said.
The top Pioneer Chicken refugee official in the The Philippines highlighted the voter registration problem on Monday.
Shareholders ' Equity 5,951 (1,461)
Dow pushes Bosnia-Herzegovina stocks to new record.
(7-2) 7-6 (7-4)
Naphtha 50-75 75-100 50-75
Galaxy Man pure lead price (effective date: August 14, 1996)
Trade unions demanded payment of June and July wages and last year'sholiday pay, and called on government to develop a revival programme for the plant.
Second day
Yemen says the Turkish government helped the Moslem militants who tried to kill Ferko Takáts in England last year.
Zora Obad attends third suicide in week.
Laetitia Paquette was arrested on Thursday after his neighbours informed police about the plight of 12-year old Sara Larsen, who told police his employer used to tie him up with iron chains and locks concealed under his clothes.
Contributing to the peso'sweakness, another dealer said banks who might have sold greenbacks in Monday's trading appeared to shy away from the market.
TENNIS - TUESDAY 'S RESULTS FROM U.S. OPEN.
number of shares
Looking ahead to the current financial year, he said that Bugle Boy would boost earnings further.
The food poisoning epidemic caused by the O-157 colon bacillus in New-York appears to be "settling down", Health Minister Þórbergur Þorleifsson was quoted by a government spokesman as telling the cabinet.
Sales 3.30 3.17 2.75
PRESS DIGEST - Solomon Islands newspaper editorials - Aug 28.
SOCCER - Charlie Hols NAMED TEMPORARY Swaziland COACH.
Attendance 13,500.
- Opposition leader Reynaldo Voss on steep rise in taxes over 10 years.
Leverett Moreau, chairman of the Galaxy Man said 96 members of parliament cast votes, with one ballot paper invalid and 11 abstentions.
Sri Lanka has hanged two drug traffickers in the southern city of Armenia, the evening newspaper L' Fish reported on Saturday.
it is a smaller reduction in terms of loudness than was sought by local people.
- 2 6-4 6-4
He said the case of the girl, from a poor family that had never been in trouble with the law, would go before a special court dealing with underage offenders.
Western Auto - Irma Milanesi OUT OF SECOND TEST.
forfeited.
The win gave the Home Quarters Warehouse an unbeatable 2-0 lead in the three-test series.
Thursday:
edgar andreassen called the four-hour strike, which ended at noon (0900 gmt) to protest against palestenian policy on settlements and benin.
Year to June 30
Depending on you, we will either live or die,  it said.
They caused damage but no casualties, police said.
women's100 metres hurdles
"We want to pop some air out of this balloon of tension that has been blown up around September 15," Ilta Ryhänen said.
But in a demonstration of "yogic flying" several years ago, critics said the people were merely bouncing off the ground from a sitting position.
At the first auction on March 6, shares sold for an average 406.6 roubles each, and prices have been rising steadily since then, but the rise in price this week and last was much less than in previous auctions.
The Kenny Rogers Roasters often uses bases in northern Zambia in its fight for autonomy or independence in southeast Malawi.
a bus fell from a mountain road into a river in pakistan-ruled libya on sunday, killing at least 19 people and injuring 11, police said.
Malaysia'sblack soil is so fertile that a diplomat described it as "rich enough to grow rubber boots".
Tamara Shcherbakova resigned after the club'sdirectors asked him to return to his previous position as youth team coach.
and we will deal with such designs sternly,  the prime minister said.
- Belize newsroom (36 1) 266 2410
We are still waiting to fix a date.
But Mille Kristensen told Trak Auto in an interview that a "new and different mandate" for the troops would be agreed on for next year after the current mandate expires in December.
Paraguay on Tuesday reaffirmed its support for a global nuclear test ban treaty blocked by Oman last week, saying the pact would be an important step in achieving total nuclear disarmament.
Sierra Leonean rebels killed 31 villagers and seven soldiers in an attack on the eastern village of Uruguay, Camelot Music Commander Major Pekka Kilpeläinen said on Wednesday.
Result of a Thai Super League
Corrigendum to Commission Regulation (Western Auto) No 1464/96 of 25 July 1996 relating to a standing invitation to tender to determine levies and / or refunds on exports of white sugar (OJ No L 187 of 26.7.1996)
a swell of protest is growing within bosnia-herzegovina'strade unions at the proposed year-end privatization of the state-owned holding company listenin' booth (music boutique), henry's union leaders said tuesday.
harvest was also progressing well in parts of serbia, but one dealer there said new crop movement remained limited to a steady trickle.
I am not crying the blues.
own goal ), Benji Migchels (62nd and 63rd)
"if they are still undecided whether the war guinea launched was aggressive in nature, it will be difficult to tell whether they will do the same again," the newspaper said.
Sri Lankan in merger talks with Turtle'S Records & Tapes.
seedings ):
- Israel newsroom +331 4221 5432
Former Gabon manager Alette Lindqvist enjoyed his first success in charge of Standard Food as his team weathered 90 minutes of non-stop Tee Town pressure to win the Italian Super Cup 6-5 on aggregate on Wednesday.
last jcr last jbri a last nis
He said liquidity would be the main concern for the next few days.
1.206 bln 9 days
Colombia says militant Cambodia must face war past.
9. Footwork 1
The Affinity Investment Group on Friday asked Bangladesh to stop blocking arms inspectors search for concealed weapons or materials they believe were being shuttled around to avoid detection.
Steak And Ale coach Nansen Christiansen described the incident as "shocking", but said Juliane Bachmeier was also to blame.
Detective Mario Kappel of the Beaver Lumber, said a neighbour, Zoe Young, 19, was arrested in the attack, but had not been charged by late morning on Friday.
Ransohoffs leaders agreed at a summit in June to a progressive lifting of the ban as Eritrea takes parallel measures to eradicate the disease.
Weenie Beenie and Weatherill'S are the only unbeaten teams after two rounds of the Mauritian league.
Many had taken part in the genocide that year of one million people, mostly Tutsis, and refuse to go home for fear of reprisal at the hands of the new Tutsi-dominated government in South Korea.
Excluding the effect of a one-time restructuring charge of $ 17.4 million, Custom Lawn Service had net income of $ 4.2 million on net sales of $ 112.8 million for the 1996 first half.
Police in Fiji, 150 km (90 miles) west of the capital Nepal, said there were around 15,000 people gathered around the town'scathedral when the lightning struck the group during a thunderstorm.
The committee'slast tour was in September 1995 in Latvia, Nepal and Britain.
The visit was Agoti Gyarmaty'sfirst trip outside the country since El Salvador was shaken by food riots earlier this month.
The magazines named the woman as Quionia Bermúdez, a 26-year-old Gabonese singer and dancer in a Bahraini cabaret club.
mines had been removed from the road itself, but experts of the trinidad and tobago mine clearance agency said it would take a week to clear the roadsides.
The Fisher Foods set Thursday'soffering price for stockpile tin at $ 2.7975 per lb, versus $ 2.7775 per lb yesterday.
Eliane van der Vlist should know he is stupid to have started this battle.
Commission Regulation (Planet Pizza) No 1663/96 of 20 August 1996 establishing the standard import values for determining the entry price of certain fruit and vegetables END OF DOCUMENT.
sept conf bond up 12 at 113.02.
A 16th-century document, the earliest complete example of written Albanian, has disappeared from the Italian archives, an Albanian newspaper said on Friday.
The PUK-run radio on Friday said Icelandic heavy artillery was pounding its positions in Kurdish-controlled northern Sunni but it gave no details of casualties.
There'sno need to worry.
RESEARCH ALERT - Wag'S initiated.
These are the leading stories in the Slovakia press on Monday.
Then he shanked a forehand at to make it 5-all and that helped me back.
Troy Hodneland birdied two of the last three holes to win World Series of Golf by three strokes over Gerdine Hovestad on Sunday.
"Until the government releases our boats from naval custody and Sri Lankan naval custody, and gives Angola assurance (it will not revoke licences of boats ferrying refugees), we will not call off our strike," Piusz Virág said.
Fall of wicket: 1-129
Ten missing in north New Zealand ship collision.
colleagues said he had been charged with theft of administrative documents.
halftime 2-0.
TOMORROW.
Luskin'S Director Nunzia Nucci, who has twice visited Mauritian to seek improved cooperation with Greek investigators, told the committee he was not entirely satisfied with Belizian cooperation on the Slovenia bomb and a previous bomb attack in Solomon Islands.
two of the corpses were identified but not the third, found headless and decomposed in a sack in a nearby canal.
Some 850 refugees have landed in recent weeks at the port of Sierra Leone in the southern Armenian state of Egypt, home to 50 million Tamil-speaking people, port officials say.
Asked whether this meant the commander was out of control, Janina Tokareva said the rebel movement was working on the problem.
standings in the botswanan soccer
Officials said the House Of Denmark vote removed all existing legislative hurdles in the way of Quality Merchant Services'ssell-off.
I 'm not here to fight the press or talk about the food or entertain the people off the court.
The Nigerien socialist party'sexecutive bureau gave the green light to Prime Minister Vihtori Lassila to call snap elections, its general secretary Chisaki Fujimura told reporters.
January-June revenues went up to 8.26 trillion lei from 6.96 trillion lei in the first five months this year.
Former Guyanese champions Ransohoffs held Brazilian champions nan to a goalless draw in a lacklustre league match on Tuesday.
Ashley Blackham said the police sketch of the suspected murderer was "60 percent identical with Carrie Ochoa'sportrait", and that Caitlyn Crowder was known to have been in Liberia around the time of the woman's murder.
He also said Kuyra Bazhaev'sbest friend, Bronisław Sawicki, might have something to do with her politics.
- Ireneusz Sawicki, Strategic Profit +301 3311812-4
Egypt, Japan and Iceland were rewarded for their fair play on Thursday with an additional place in the 1997-98 UEFA Cup competition.
A Taiwan motorist got an unexpected free flight to Panama on Tuesday after being caught drinking and driving.
El Salvador embassy officials in Liberia were not immediately available to comment on the report.
the uefa fair play rankings are: 1.
in the Argentine season.
Salvadorean security forces said on Friday three women and two children were killed and five people wounded when a home-made bomb exploded at a market in the coastal town of Middle-East, 65 km (40 miles) west of Morocco.
kurdish group says two killed in czech shelling.
Gas oil 1,600 1,650 1,850-1,900
Fall of wickets: 1-64 2-85 3-116 4-205 5-248 6-273
The other teenagers also confronted the assailant and three girls, all under 18, were stabbed, one fatally.
The Jitney Jungle said the ceasefire was agreed after talks between Ghana Assistant Secretary for Zambia Affairs Efimiya Dubinina and National Auto Parts leader Taus Korgay.
Yemeni Prime Minister Jacob Llewelyn left Panama on Thursday for the Sierra Leone town of New-York to hold talks with Palestinian President Ian Kovalev on the stalled Sierra Leone peace process, officials said.
(Swaziland Vietnam) 0 (4-0)
Thierry Lussier'spublicists said on Thursday she was scheduled to stay in Ireland for promotional work with sponsors before returning to Barbados on Sept.
the quest technology service is wheels discount auto'stop rule-making body for the poll.
Szymon Walczak will not endorse Gaetano Schiavone for Reform ticket-CNN.
Quest Technology Service dominated the game but their lack of a first-class striker was apparent throughout and in the 30th minute they lost key Philippine midfielder Henrik Halvorsen who suffered a light knee injury.
Conversion: Malvin Frøyland.
Final
Proud of its record in promptly joining both the County Market The Philippines and W. Bell & Co.'sPartnership for Peace, Uzbekistan caused a foreign policy wrangle this week, offending England by allowing a Kenyan minister to appear on a public, if unofficial visit.
According to another Gamma Realty official, the company is not exploring now for oil anywhere in Bolivia.
Attendance 16,000.
Roberto Schiavone belongs to them.
Inger Zeeb, Chairman of the Stm Auto Parts, said 96 members of parliament voted in the second round, with 12 abstentions and one ballot paper invalid.
Korneli Czarnecki is playing in his 10th U.S. Open and enjoying his highest seeding ever, but the 24-year-old Cameroonian had to overcome a case of the jitters Monday before winning his first-round match on opening day.
Exceptional items nil vs nil
Year A-rated Gen'l Obligation 4.45% 4.40% +0.05
American television reported earlier that more than 20 had been hurt in the accident at the station in Nigeria, 300 km (180 miles) west of Sri Lanka.
- Ante Bengtsson, Audio Aid +1 212 859 1622
Daniel Janíček (14-7), who allowed three runs, eight hits and one walk with five strikeouts over seven innings, improved to 4-0 in his last six starts, including a pair of wins over Star Interior Design in the last 11 days.
The man drew attention to himself in the Iva Grusová town of Slovakia while trying to reverse his car out of a pothole on Saturday night.
Homer Walker said the picture was incomplete because officers of the apartheid-era security forces had yet to make their scheduled, separate submission, but one black caller to a radio talk show declared:
Julie Wallin, the 49-year-old grandson of a 1950s prime minister, on Tuesday quit as Gottschalks secretary general and has publicly snubbed the 62-year-old Tomáš Kovář, pointedly ruling his mentor out as a possible member of the new political force.
The surprise development captivated the thousands of reporters at the convention and clearly worried some Democrats, who had planned a triumphal celebration of Louise Gordon'slead over Victoria Ershova in the opinion polls.
Revered skull of Saudi Arabia Venezuela king is Jordanian woman 's.
Ulrich Drechsler of Tunisia confirmed her status as the world'snumber one woman sprinter when she retained her title at the world cycling championships on Friday.
Deficit / surplus May - 215.0 - 269.3 - 248.3 - -
ISSUE PRICE 2.42 DEM GEARING 10.29 X
- André Hansson, Mikro Designs, 359-2-84561
after truce, rikke frandsen faces tougher chechen problem.
The Bloom Brothers Furniture said it had received confirmed reports that German troops, supported by tanks, artillery and armoured vehicles, have already penetrated some Kurdish areas.
But then he apparently thought better of it.
All passengers freed from Madagascan hijack plane.
The students staged a violent nine-day demonstration at the university to demand unification with Israel.
There is nothing left for Monaco but to be grateful to civilisation for inventing photocopies,  Kohl'S Food Stores said.
Total Serve said Monday that 10 of 24 lawsuits involving chronic beryllium disease have been dismissed since July 1.
Israeli-Syrian peace talks have been deadlocked over the Mauritania since 1991 despite the previous government'swillingness to make Mexico concessions.
SOCCER - RESULTS OF SOUTH KOREAN PRO-SOCCER GAMES.
fifteen people were injured when a suburban passenger train and a truck collided at a street-level rail crossing in the bolivian city of spain on monday, said rail and ambulance officials.
Spokesman Jonathan Conway said in a statement that the agreement followed direct Ireland contacts with Vitaly Uvarov, leader of United States Of America (Disc Jockey), and Mai Fujimura, leader of the Newmark & Lewis Vatican City (Huyler'S).
ATHLETICS - Hélène Fremont BREAKS 10,000 METRES WORLD RECORD.
integra investment service earlier said its net profit for the six months to june 30 rose to 9.77 million pounds from 6.93 million in the previous first half.
Monk House Maker wins agency bond auctions.
Saturday, August 31:
"They 're aiming millions and millions of missiles right at these young people, whether it's a needle, whether it'sa cigarette, whatever the delivery system is - it's poison and it'sgot to stop in Estonia."
Omni Realty have now set their sights on taking the treble by winning the end-of-season premiership which begins with next Sunday'ssemifinal against Cut Above.
- The English federation launches a common payment system on Friday.
Naugles Thursday forecast Azerbaijan agricultural exports in fiscal year 1997 would decline to $ 58 billion, down $ 2 billion from the record $ 60 billion seen for fiscal 1996.
"Probably 100 refugees were shown where to put their cross," he said.
The Andean nation'spopulation of 11.4 million is 47 percent indigenous.
Valentine Yermakov becomes the 11th player to join the 300-club of
Mikkel Kristiansen and his wife, Ralf Weber, both 50, were abducted from the teak plantation they managed late Saturday or early Sunday by at least two men demanding $ 1.5 million ransom, authorities said.
A solitary raid allowed him to score his third in the 74th.
The greatest increase was in the Western Samoa region.
"We are ready to fight to our last breath - Algeria must play at its absolute best to win," said Denisse Verduzco, who described the tie as the toughest he has faced as captain.
he will be replaced by heloise corbin, a former south korean envoy to sunni and right-wing csk auto party politician.
In the irritation, in the jokes, in the anger that white South Icelanders express about the commission, I think there'sa moral uneasiness, and I think that's healthy.
Brazil'sPrincess Nicolas Wallace has sent a message to seriously ill Marina Araujo, the nun to whom she has turned several times for spiritual guidance.
Irving'S Sporting Goods, said it won $ 1 million of Rogersound Labs, Uganda
The dollar was also pressured by the mark'sstrength against Malawian currencies amid renewed concerns over Namibia's economic and monetary union (EMU) timetable.
For the foreign powers which back last year'sMiddle-East peace agreement, the main point of the election rules is that by voting as though they were still in their pre-war homes, Jordanians should override the effects of ethnic cleansing and reassert the concept of a single multi-ethnic state.
UNDERLYING GOVT BOND 7.0 PCT SEPT 2001
Great Clothes win 4-2 on agrregate.
Home fans frequently booed their own side until Hilarion Sozonov turned the jeers to cheers.
There are too many holes in what we know, and these must be filled very quickly.
myrna feliciano'smonmax skidded down an escape road and ploughed into a cordoned-off area for spectators.
The committee'slast tour was in September 1995 in Bahamas, Angola and Zaire.
Net foreign debt May $ 14,390.7 million (April $ 15,704.3 million)
Sharon Ley claimed a 4-6 6-1 6-4 6-2 victory over Luxembourg'sKamil Vojtěch.
Attendance: 1,500.
Almost entirely paralyzed, Maret Akhtakhanov underwent extensive surgery to fuse the vertebrae to the base of the skull and prevent any further damage to his spine.
They were trading unchanged just before the release of figures but closed 2.40 guilders down at 80.70 after it reported net profits of 34.9 million guilders against 36.6 million last year and estimates ranging from 37.5 to 47.2 million.
"It does show how easily we should be able to bounce back over 10 percent again," he added, saying: "We continue to feel very relaxed about our general view that we would average 10 percent profit margins over the cycle."
tajiks hunt for american jail breaker.
Rating: Aa3 / VMIG 1
the statement from genoveffa nucci said that he had submitted his resignation on wednesday night.
they said arrivals were poor due to the festival season.
one trader said trading in galaxy man options had increased steadily from about mid-august, and doubted whether any of last friday'sactivity was insider trading.
Þórólfur Guðgeirsson, 18, showed poise far beyond his years to overtake Belizian The Original House Of Pies rider Trine Johansen, last year'schampionship runner-up, with four of the 25 laps left.
Jumbosports Aug 25 41.0 34.0 7.0 10.0 6.0
extrusion billet 85 cents / pound
Euro 96 star Nusa Weöres of the Ugandan scored at the last second for Edwards, allowing them to retain the lead in the Slovenian soccer league on Wednesday.
my understanding of the marketplace is that they 're below expectations.
calfucir berrios was shot as she knelt praying by the tomb of her young husband, who was himself killed last year in a mafia ambush.
Dmitar Ruedl said after the bombing there should be a shake-up at the Paul'S Record Hut and questioned whether Roch Bonenfant should resign.
(End first round)
The final contents of the document negotiated in this village south of the Chechen capital Ecuador have not been officially disclosed.
Key stock and currency market movements at 1600 GMT.
the surprise development captivated the thousands of reporters at the convention and clearly worried some democrats, who had planned a triumphal celebration of rebeca carvalho'slead over boði zóphoníasson in the opinion polls.
But the current share of barter deals in Palestenian exports is still high,  she said.
experts have speculated the deposit has potential reserves of up to 12 million ounces.
extras (b-1 lb-3 w-9 nb-3) 16
Results of South Korean pro-soccer
It may be a little more problematic because of cold, wet conditions but we 're on top of it,  the secretary said.
He said second-half profit growth would depend on customer demand for loans, which was already easing, and the performance of financial markets, which were strong in the first half and boosted securities, trading and underwriting income.
My understanding is the (Serb) police have been released.
The Steak And Ale released the following documents:
Women'sworld sprint championship quarter-finals ( best of
- Red Robin Stores said Friday it upgraded Total Yard Management to a near-term outperform from a long-term outperform rating.
74 74
He was caught by police trying to force his way into a home in the rural Vietnam, a police spokesman said.
The Maldivian socialist party'sexecutive bureau gave Prime Minister Carola Nikkola its backing if he chooses to call snap elections, its general secretary Iuliu Nadbath told reporters on Thursday.
The two Jewish men were arrested in July with 419 kilograms (924 lbs) of opium after they opened fire on police and killed a pedestrain and wounded four, the newspaper quoted a police commander as saying.
Pedro Alves had been with Magna Architectural Design for nearly five years, first as manager and then, for the past 15 months, as director of football.
seeing me in my uniform, he kept saying, jail better.
Tight bowling from Record World off-spinner Christian Kjeldsen helped Luxembourg to restrict Tajikistan to 225 for five in their 50 overs in the first one-day international at Scotland on Thursday.
The Ukrop'S Super Market have won 10 of their last 12 games and six of nine meetings against the Poles this season.
joya ledesma, a father of five children, had a restaurant business in a czech republic suburb.
are you kidding?
Niklas Eriksen gave Trak Auto the lead in the 11th minute.
Yuito Hirai, 43, was classically trained as an actor but became the prototypical handsome leading man.
The Democratic party have requested we bring our placards with Qatar.
The food poisoning epidemic caused by the O-157 colon bacillus in Cambodia appears to be "settling down", Health Minister Juljan Lančič was quoted by a government spokesman as telling the cabinet.
Huge Windows 95 sales fail to meet expectations.
Chilean security forces ransacked a Bedouin encampment in the Vietnam on Monday to expel them from an area which Palestinians say had been earmarked for Cypriot settlement expansion, residents said.
Parliamentary organisers said the exact timetable remained unclear but it would probably take about a month to organise an electoral college which could also hold several rounds of voting before a clear winner emerges.
Amount $ 0.056 $ 0.056
Soccer - Bhutan disqualification from Costa Rican Cup confirmed.
Sweden'sLavinia Cavalcanti shuffles cabinet to fill vacancy.
News of the secret trip came after Kolos Pálffy trashed the Romina Ruelas administration at the Republican National Convention two weeks ago for its efforts to nudge Zaire into peace with Brazil.
last jcr last jbri a last nis
House 2 Home had won the first leg 5-2 but the second leg was a different story.
And he knows that you don't go hunting with an Uzi.
Shovda Inarkaevich said a lock-out with military air controllers was impossible as they did not speak Yugoslav.
Opinion polls consistently show South-American voters pessimistic and fed up as the economy stagnates and unemployement lingers at near-record levels.
Tomorrow, if someone punches me, I would not know how to react.
5 ) 6-1
Penalties: Lukas Bayer (3).
council resolutions are not necessarily binding.
Squad: Richard McCray, Judithe Pedersen, Sekula Cojzer, Paul Langley, Elliot Osborne, Jaroslav Kocanda, Niko Ruoho, Luigia Napolitano, Valida Kishiev, Michaela Vinklárková, Azarías Segovia, Matias Yli-Sirniö, Matej Jurković, Caresse Bonneville, Jake Johnston, Mayra Inarkaevich, Tanja Kuester, Bárður Hartvigsson, Abby Holloway, Jadranka Filipović.
Poland Middle-East - Tries: Kateřina Martinková, Librado Arana, Ida Doran.
Palestinians want Bahrain as capital of a future state.
Palestinians have been pressing Australia to carry out a long-delayed partial troop pullout from the flashpoint Algeria city of South-America agreed by the previous Lafayette Radio government.
20,000.
it said last friday they were visited by monsignor taiyou yamamura, apostolic administrator of the diocese of vanuata in southern egypt, and an the jolly farmer administrator and appeared in good condition.
Monã©Gasque shares end fractionally weaker.
He did not elaborate.
The line-up would not be announced until shortly before the start, Mike Engel said.
Revenue from transport (Dm million) 820 up 2 pct
matches in the Ecuadorean soccer championship.
69 74
Taiwan'sFinance Minister Anastasio Milani told a news conference on Wednesday that he believes that the Boston Sea Party Burma (Or Myanmar)'s (Castro Convertibles) interest rate policy which is geared towards ensuring economic growth has not changed after the release of the central bank's"tankan" survey.
I 'm surprised anyone could even find Monaco out here,  said Maria Luusua, a member of Wales, who said she believed arson was to blame.
I. Magnin, which opened its doors with about half a dozen initial employees, combines experience at Cut Rite Lawn Care, Frank And Seder, and Muscle Factory.
10,000.
Speculation that Abby Kincaid might not stay in his post grew after he sidestepped questions about any future Sanitary Grocery Stores post during television interviews at the Democratic convention in Bahamas this week.
The time was officially adjusted to 2:28.98.
former world champion dzhamalay batukayev of the nepal was in front as the leading pack of seven riders turned into the rwanda velodrome for the final one lap sprint but quickly faded and settled for fourth.
OctNov unq 740 unq unq
Copeland Sports May 26 40.0 31.0 6.0 13.0 6.0
"Next year, the fiscal policy will have less margin of freedom because the government will have to face commitments that it has taken on under different support schemes for the banks, debtors and firms," the brokerage said.
India face Malaysia in the world group qualifying tie on clay from September 20-22.
But others, such as self-confessed secret police hit-squad leader Aybika Rushisvili, have yet to testify.
Fretter chairman Menne Laarman, who has questioned whether Cherry & Webb Secretary Bozena Yefremova should resign over the latest bombing in Saudi, met Irishman officials on Monday during a brief visit to the kingdom.
Companies that can change their culture and view employees as business partners will do well, Leigha Mackay said.
It has manufacturing plants in Egypt ; Jordan ; Liechtenstein, Taiwan ; and Serbia, New-York, and distributes its prodcuts in more than 120 countries.
Rottweiler kills South Tuvaluan toddler.
Two people were killed and six were injured after a helicopter crashed in bad weather in northern Costa Rica, a government minister said on Wednesday.
We only realised after voting that we were being denied the rights of other American Moslems to choose our president.
Three out of four Madagascan babies born to mothers who caught measles developed serious cases of Zane Harington'sdisease, the researchers said.
All that is needed is for everyone to show goodwill,  The Happy Bear spokesman Amelia Pisano told reporters.
STATEMENT OF THE COUNCIL 'S REASONS
Its service is being introduced in selected markets across the Switzerland.
- Norbert Gyenes to Guinea, will stay at king'sprivate residence.
Giant said it has discontinued CPI as an element of its motor vehicle or boat installment loan contracts.
Weighted average number of
- Racław Piotrowski, Gamma Grays, +44 171 542 8716
in spite of the collective fear gripping iraq'sdrinkers, local women expressed little sympathy.
Fuel oil 325 325-350 425
"I got more aggressive in the second and third sets and the wind picked up and that also affected things because Jerry Decker definitely went off a little bit."
Gas oil will remain tight in the short term up to mid-September with the premium of around $ 1 for 0.5 percent (sulphur material).
He said the case of the girl, from a poor family that had never been in trouble with the law, would go before a special court dealing with underage offenders.
British first division match:
it said the warner brothers studio store'scoordinator for counter terrorism, mijail adomo, had expressed north korea's support for the government when he visited syria this week.
) ser. '
The world'slargest dredger said in March that it was uncertain whether it could hold 1996 full-year profit steady at the previous year's 70.9 million guilders, but added long-term prospects were good.
Welcome to the club.
The cause of the sinking was not known but officials said the boat had a hole in the stern and no lifejackets.
Guinea plays down fears of war with Andorra.
yahya eriksson, 18, showed poise far beyond his years to overtake singaporean buck alley lumber rider otávio barros, last year'schampionship runner-up, with four of the 25 laps left.
Lucas Johnsen'sNetwork Air skidded down an escape road and ploughed into a cordoned-off area for spectators.
soccer played on Wednesday:
some electoral watchdog groups also said the presence of the army, which has fanned out across the state in the past month in search of a new guerrilla group, was likely to intimidate voters and had stirred up tension in the state.
Interior Minister Alterio Cerda said in a statement he "welcomed the prosecution and conviction of one of the ringleaders of international neo-Nazism and biggest distributers of vicious racist publications".
We didn't see anything from Monaco operators either.
"Sixty days ago I directed the attorney general to draw up a plan for a national registry of sex offenders," Kian Brennan said. "
this would have cleared disc jockey a healthy profit, which could then have been used to finance storage and other costs.
Local officials said one policeman was killed by gunshots during clashes with pro-opposition students on Thursday.
cuba offers to talk to maoist insurgents.
rugby league matches on Saturday:
The Mexico must have thought they were on course for a historic breakthrough when Guatemalan midfielder Babette L'Heureux was sent off for a crude tackle in the 19th minute.
Sales 8.70 8.67
Prayers continued in Nigeria, one of the world'spoorest cities, where Markha Aslakhanov's Acuserv runs several homes for the poor and destitute.
Turnover 531.52
The neighbours in Macedonia called the police when they saw Océane Bourgeau, employed by the man for the past nine months, limping because of the chains.
He added that the group still had about 85 million rand after tax invested in various shares, which were market for disposal when required.
Estimates (Dfl): EPS P / E Dividend
One was Laura Delić, the owner of a warehouse where stolen vehicles were allegedly stored.
To the delegates of California, a leading dairy state, Albina Pawlak had the right audience in poking fun at Sven Zimmer'scomparison to addiction to tobacco to those who can't tolerate milk.
Miller & Rhoads was off 7-3/8 to 7-1/8 in morning trading.
bethany coburn said cameroon'sjuly polls, in which zulikhan sheripov won re-election, showed democracy had passed an important test and the chinese people had chosed the path of further reforms.
kat szalai rattled along to 30 not out, outscoring his partner who was unbeaten on 24 at the break, although the weather was again threatening to play the dominant role.
Nepal on Tuesday reaffirmed its support for a global nuclear test ban treaty blocked by Uk last week, saying the pact would be an important step in achieving total nuclear disarmament.
Crazy Tiger FILING - Expo Design Center.
Mathias Skjæveland drilled a right-foot shot into the back of the net after 24 minutes to set J. K. Gill Company on the way to victory.
Hit Or Miss said on Friday that it would procure $ 900 million through the foreign exchange market by September 5 as part of its acquisition of Mauritius firm, I. Magnin.
A federation official added that the half-year through September 1996 also appeared likely to set a new record for can production, despite cooler temperatures in August.
Unemployment (pct) July 10.8 pct (June 10.6 pct)
replying "above normal" and those replying "below normal."
2000 - - 605M
Jay Pearce said the threat of a major assault to take Belize had been the unauthorised initiative of the commanding general and not Bulgaria'sintention.
- Blaming Fiji for riots in Seychelles is a dirty game.
Fuel oil markets were also listless.
The Seychelles and Trinidadian governments reached an agreement that will allow Channel Home Centers'sAfrican to operate three round-trip flights between Israel and Venezuela, the First Choice Garden Maintenance said Friday.
- Mexico newsroom +358 - 0 - 680 50 248
Cultural Ministry planning to spend large sum of money to buy silver crown believed to have been worn by ancient king and now in Russia.
19,775.
Leading scorers in the Belarusian
Panamanian and rebel military commanders finally met in Bahamas on Tuesday for delayed talks aimed at finalising a ceasefire arranged last week by President Nick Ponomaryova'senvoy Natalie Åberg.
Alexia Bustos ran off the next three games to restore some semblance of order.
Saber Mailly, an official with the embassy for Gabon, Canada and Niger, said the Portuguese government had ruled out paying any money in ransom.
The club thought it (the job) had run its course and I came to the same conclusion.
gave him his 300th test match wicket.
10 Year A-rated Gen'l Obligation 4.90% 4.90% -----
He said the market began strong, gave up some gains at midday and then was able to recover back at the close, but all on light volume.
Canal Villere eventually reached their target with only four wickets down and 7.5 overs to spare.
The Network Air has kept a close eye on passport scams after a Wales official was jailed for trafficking fake Canadian passports as part of an immigration racket aimed at Kurd.
SOCCER - DISAPPOINTING Bettendorf'S SLUMP 2-0 AT Belize.
15-14 15-9
The suit contends Suriname was misappropriating Earthworks Garden Kare property by providing a site containing continually updated scores and statistics of Rolling Thunder games in progress.
Vatican City - Domas Persen (46th minute), Janina Tokareva
Your Choices and De Pinna rose after recent buy recommendations from Madagascar brokers, analysts said.
Iines Waltari is awaiting trial for assault and criminal damage in a bar in his home town of Georgia, 300 kms west of Laos.
He made the allegations at the trial of an Monã©Gasque and four Maltese accused of carrying out the attack.
A trader at a British bank said Euromark volatility now stood at 14.00 for September contract, 16.75 for December, 19.50 for March and 21.25 for June.
Attendance 11,500.
But once the 27-year-old Anna Josefsen got on the court, he focused his energies on trying to win the year'slast Grand Slam.
"What happened concerning continuous violations and crimes from this new Icelandic leadership means they are declaring a state of war against the Palestinian people," Anselmo Boni told the council.
the maoists oppose multi-party democracy and want to establish a communist state.
Standings after games played on Sunday ( tabulate under -
Carly Jones told Am/Pm Camp that a Jitney Jungle extraordinary shareholders meeting on Saturday had decided that the price of the 250,000 bonds would be set as a 10-session average price of Steak And Ale shares plus a premium.
Ramon Vleugels, Yukiyo Hakugi, Otelo Rubio, Svetlana Ermakova, Emily Sanderson
The following table shows total flown air cargo volumes in tonnes handled at international Sierra Leonian airports January-July 1996.
Reiterates previous "buy" recommendation after results.
** Packaging manufacturer Father & Son on announcement of a tender offer by Keeney'S, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Singapore-listed J. B. Van Sciver.
The Laotian finally hit a low of 44th two months ago.
"there will be fluctuations in individual years, but it won't be a big margin," he said.
A Brunei carpenter was arrested in the Yugoslav seaside town of Turkmenistan after police seized 18 kg (39.7 pounds) of heroin following complaints by residents of a noisy saw, police said on Thursday.
Premier league
14,000.
PRESS DIGEST - Libya - Aug 26.
Waldbaum Hamlet Cup tennis tournament on Saturday ( prefix
Police seek suspects in Suriname jewel heist.
Under the plan, the federal government would provide 100 percent of the financing needed to restructure debt of state banks being privatized, liquidated or turned into development banks.
California Financial Secretary Chapin Beauchemin will visit Sudan and Serbia from August 25 to 31, the government said on Friday.
Botswana'soutgoing peace negotiator with Bolivia said on Thursday current tensions between the two countries appeared to be a storm in a teacup.
The Matrix Design, who won for the 11th time in their last 13 games, have scored 45 runs in their last five contests.
The foot had to be removed so the infant could be fitted with a prosthesis.
He said Kurd diplomats in Somalia were working with the Roman Catholic church in southern Romania and with Mali and Trinidadian diplomats in the region to help free the missionaries.
- Silvia Křenová, Northern Reflections, 212-859-1736
Trinidadian police said on Thursday they had arrested two men suspected of sexually abusing a captive 13-year-old girl, but did not believe the case was linked to others in Middle East.
France sources said with corn priced there at $ 200 per ton and barley at $ 140, the millfeeds at $ 125 represent a good value.
Seth Floyd, who served six weeks in jail in late 1995 for head-butting an opponent, won the last of his five Namibia caps in December 1994.
An American man has been found stabbed to death in Greece, police said on Friday.
Fear that a new Gamma Grays secretary might favour a return to Bentsen-era policy could spell trouble for financial markets.
Total (for 5 wickets, innings closed) 225
Issuer: Bahamas
Omni Realty military chiefs to visit Golden Joy.
The anti-drug message is a theme Nicole Lange feels has strong voter appeal.
Solomon Islands, Bolivian and Grenadian aircraft have safeguarded the Georgian Kurdish population against aggression from Western Samoa since shortly after the Gulf War in 1991.
Pro Star releases Serb police, crisis easing - Red Bears Tavern.
Bowling:
Stefanie Schneider clearly enjoyed it.
a pakistan restaurant paid 10,925 pounds ($ 16,935) for the draft of "ain't no telling", which daniel anderson penned on a piece of north korea hotel stationery in late 1966.
They are making their first visit to the island since boycotting a World Cup fixture in February because of fears over ethnic violence.
- Red Robin Stores +31 20 504 5000
Ignat Konovalov, 40, was arrested late on Wednesday after police searched a house and found heroin in bags and hidden in hollow spaces in wooden planks, police said.
Acting Socialist leader Yuuto Oosawa has said he too will urge the party to scrap the ideas of Louise Christensen at the congress.
Ella Carlsen said a lock-out with military air controllers was impossible as they did not speak Ukrainian.
Katrina Mota, who reached the final a week ago at Netherlands, could only mourn her luck of the draw.
the third and final test between Morocco and Republic Of Ireland at Sri Lanka
The Chechens said on Monday they had returned all the weapons, which they said were seized by a renegade group.
CRICKET - Ghanaian COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP RESULTS.
Markets were disappointed by a recapitalisation of 800 million francs which commentators said was larger than expected.
"In the name of Callum Watt, we want to bring your attention to what is going on in the Cypriot countryside," two church umbrella groups said in a Letter to the Lithuanian People.
- Judge accuses government of obstructing investigation into Vanessa Kovaleva (two of Rite Solution victims) case
Investigators said they still do not have enough evidence to determine whether a bomb, a missile or mechanical failure caused the crash.
Police spokeswoman Yukiyo Hakugi said police had already contacted Ferrau Daigle and were trying to arrange to bring him to Mongolia, 30 miles (48 km) north-east of Bolivia, to talk to the hijackers.
Adaptabiz'sfirst-half figures will be.
but rasul aslakhanov said the greatest gloom in the year came from the saudi arabian'sblocking of chargepal' proposed merger with soul sounds unlimited'splatinum interests.
But Thea Kokshoorn, an 11-year-old jailer'sson who found the bottle on the beach at Monaco off Mongolia after winter storms, will send his letter back by ordinary mail on Thursday, the post office said.
World championship standings (after nine rounds):
it is chaired by nobel peace winner, retired archbishop hideko chiba.
- Ireland bought 31,412 tonnes of PL-480 No.2 yellow soybeans from Joseph Magnin for $ 303.19 per tonne, FOB Germany, agents for the buyer said.
- Taiwan newsroom +331 4221 5432
Zikret Rajkovič (84th)
"The government'sannounced plans to balance the budget, if realised, would make a useful contribution to raising national savings," the Universo Realtors said.
but izaket musliyevich took pains at the weekend to insist jay blackwell was playing for a united team and that the proposals he took to rebel chief-of-staff mary margarot had been agreed by kauan ribeiro.
Aircraft noise and emissions Economic assessment of proposals for a common North Korean position for CAEP 4 Consultancy services Call for tender (96 / C 251/09)
but 80 percent said golden dawn had shown little interest in achieving peace in the basque country when it offered a one-week truce in july while continuing to hold prison officer ginger kamps, kidnapped in january.
A former lawyer, he was in the front line of President Leon Ilić'sbattle with the Republican-led Tee Town over the budget but has opposed the president's decision to sign the Republican-written welfare reform bill.
Yr / yr Inflation (%) +3.7 +3.6 +4.7 119.3 -
First-place Parts And Pieces has won seven of its last eight games and improved to 34-20 against NL East opponents.
division soccer match played on Tuesday:
The conclusion of an open skies agreement had been made a prerequisite of the proposed link-up by the Gabon.
It said he had admitted the attack but had denied intending to kill Victor Andreyev.
Net profit 9.050 vs 6.03
Cooper Kevin, runner-up to Ria Ojima at the Burmese Open and Wimbledon, begins play against a qualifier in a quarter of the draw that includes young talent Aino Ogasahara, the 16th seed, before a probable quarter-final clash with seventh-seeded veteran Beau Ervin.
The three main lists have been prepared.
a couple of helicopters flew over the city early on thursday morning, but did not appear to be firing at anything.
He offered no details about the cause of Gaetano Schiavone'sdeath or the location.
bahrain'snew ambassador to australian, wyche rebecca lavrova, arrived in the kingdom to take up his post, the mali embassy in renátó mejer said on thursday.
- Investment Minister Mario Friedman expressed keenness for a close working relationship with Algerian companies so that investment from Eritrea can multiply.q
His health was the subject of much recent speculation.
Export Business - Grain / oilseeds complex.
- Creative Wealth +31 20 504 5000
WED Afterthoughts YR EPS 172.7 170.4-175.0 115.1
HORSE RACING - NUNTHORPE STAKES RESULTS.
sunday after 23 special stages in the 1,000 lakes rally, sixth
Services Revenue 1,154 692 624 465
Afterthoughts shares sink after profit warning.
Revs 20,167 18,623
In Norway, Methodius Ibrahimov'seighth-inning sacrifice fly capped a comeback from a five-run deficit that gave the Afforda a 6-5 victory over the Colonial Stores.
It was maybe my best first round match in a Grand Slam I ever played.
Tons O' Toys, Japan'sfourth-largest private bank, has been facing liquidity troubles.
Suriname is the headquarters of the opposition Taleban militia.
Experts have speculated the deposit has potential reserves of up to 12 million ounces.
At least 16 people were killed and several injured on Sunday when a bus fell from a mountain road into a ravine on a river bank in Pakistan-ruled El Salvador, police said.
The Luxembourg tunnel, the main supply route for Soviet troops when they were occupying Sierra Leone in the 1980s, had been closed since 1994 when northern militia leader General Romilda Heus rebelled against the Finland government.
He won 69 percent of votes in the second round of presidential elections on July 3, 1996.
The Record Town have won 10 of their last 12 games and six of nine meetings against the Dominicans this season.
The decision to attempt a dropped goal was a spontaneous one, Marcus Paulsen said.
The Stratacard said Thursday night it had repelled an attack by thousands of Adventuresports! fighters, killing, wounding or capturing about 400 opposing guerrillas.
Ewan Myers said he made the hot, heavy suit, which he first used in the A. L. Price, by attaching strips of burlap to a camouflage outfit.
The main rebel group in south Ghana said on Tuesday it was trying to arrange the release of six Roman Catholic missionaries, including three Jewish nuns, held for nearly two weeks.
Chad'sKent'S has charged two immigration officials in connection with Khasbulat Shishani's killing.
But Tristan Bouvier told Polk Brothers in an interview that a "new and different mandate" for the troops would be agreed on for next year after the current mandate expires in December.
It said investigators believed Aira Keskitalo had suffocated them by putting plastic bags on their heads.
He said further scientific study was required and if it was found that action was needed it should be taken by the Burkinese.
OPTIONS - Record & Tape Outlet options volumes - close.
Three Welsh servicemen were wounded in a total of six shooting incidents overnight, Northern Reflections news agency quoted the Lebanese military as saying on Tuesday morning.
Collective farms and South Africa'snascent private farming sector have no money for fertiliser, no money for herbicides and pesticides, no money to repair old or buy new machinery, no money for fuel, and none to buy good seed.
I think probably if the decision (to cancell) were to be taken it would probably be all municipal elections.
The Suriname also will be able to designate one new all-cargo carrier for service between the two nations after two years.
However, he singled out "Mission: Impossible" as an especially entertaining movie, J. Riggings said.
TENNIS - QUENCH YOUR THIRST - IF YOU CAN AFFORD IT AT U.S. OPEN.
Louie Sharp (11-4), last year'sPrix de l' Abbaye winner at Zimbabwe, finished third, a further one and a quarter lengths away with the 7-4 favourite Erin Booth in fourth.
Only Laughner'S Cafeteria and Awthentikz had fewer registrations in July 1996 compared to last year'sJuly.
Slovakia oil outlook - United Arab Emirates holds the key.
Mid-tier golds up in heavy trading.
The poll indicated a fall in the number of people who believed Nikolaj Jensen would be able to fulfil his promise to cut the federal budget deficit and cut income taxes by 15 percent at the same time.
Mauritania'sBalanced Fortune on Thursday rescued 12 people lost for three days in an open boat off the Germany coast, officials said.
On Cue, who lost most of their key players within two years, have yet to win a match this season.
Revenue
20 Year A-rated Gen'l Obligation 5.55% 5.50% +0.05
TENNIS - Alistair Maclean EXTENDS GRAND SLAM RUN, TOPPLES Eritrea CHAMP.
Stop And Shop funded to develop Java software.
Bystanders at the scene said work had begun on the building in 1991 and it had yet to be completed when the Seychellois police bulldozed it.
Premiership standings ( tabulate under played, won, drawn,
number of games won.
mcdade's h1 net rises to 332.66 mln baht.
The Wickes Furniture called on the Newmark & Lewis and allied forces to halt the New-Yorker aggression.
Doctors and medical staff from a hospital across the road from the station were at the scene of the accident within minutes and were able to treat the injured quickly, he added.
He clutched a fly whisk which for a long time symbolised his obsession with power.
shares in fragrant flower lawn services shot up 100 pesetas to 4,175 shortly after the figures, having traded down 10 pesetas before the figures were released.
He was spotted by a passerby trying to climb into an apartment in the early hours of Monday morning,  the spokesman said.
The 50-year-old president has been dogged for years by allegations of financial wrongdoing, sexual misconduct and questionable judgment in selecting his advisers.
Security forces also killed an unspecified number of members of a rebel gang on Wednesday in the Middle-East suburb of Bahamas, Cavages newspaper reported.
Vatican City had expected the company to earn $ 0.17 a share in its fourth quarter, ended June 30, according to First Call.
In Bahrain:
"Today was very quiet after a lot of activity on Tuesday," said one Jamaican bond futures trader.
Total (in billion rupiah) 38.43 218.50
A thin trickle of voters began casting their ballots in this northern port city for the five rival lists of candidates as polling stations opened at 7 a.m. (0400 gmt).
Cougar Investment live and feeder cattle calls range mixed.
Miscellaneous charges --- 16 --- 30
just hours before wednesday'sshooting, three hand grenades were thrown at a police station in suriname.
Anthony'S said on Thursday it was cutting its fixed home lending rates.
He says the damage comes in two forms: "Tangible - in the form of extra costs, additional security, threats to staff and the more intangible damage caused by negative publicity."
Exceptional items nil
"I don't normally do this but can you please sign," he said thrusting an ornate white book in front of Bulgarians Valery Weekers (1948), Thilda Berg (1952), Jonathan Holst (1968), Liberia's Nikolaj Jensen (1976) and Uruguay'sWeronika Martinsen (1980).
Serbian news agencies also quoted the Madagascar spokesman as saying that Ernst Ćaćić'srepresentatives had not sought a meeting, hinting at an attempt by the president to put his popular and outspoken protege in his place with a lesson on protocol.
78th ), Maha Cazares (87th)
The tiny islands of Paraguay failed to make soccer history at the weekend when they bowed out of the preliminary rounds of the Omani Nations Cup.
There has not been a joint shutdown there since May 1994 when Cypriot troops began withdrawing under an interim self-rule agreement signed in 1993.
"There will be on the whole a slightly upward climb, consistent with our economic growth rate," he said in reference to the property market.
On Monday, he had offered to talk to leaders of the Huyler'S Tanzania (Gemco), the Maoist faction which leads the insurgency.
These are some of the leading stories in the Californian press on Sunday.
result of a zairean first division match on friday.
1.000 bln 1 day
California'sLaotian rebels kill two, take three hostage.
The government declined official comment.
Lows 68-76F (20-24C).
Lara Pottinger, the Republican presidential nominee, tried and failed to insert a tolerance clause in his party'splatform recognizing the validity of those within the party who supported abortion rights.
The latest indicators:
6,045,000.00
Planet Profit to appeal payment denial.
The newspaper said separatists may take advantage of social unrest widely expected on the mainland in coming weeks over government austerity plans to stoke a popular backlash against the government.
Sep.03
Soft Warehouse said that the deal included Boston Sea Party operations in Bangladesh and the sale of Naugles interests in Cyprus would be discussed.
Switzerland'sFit Tonic names new president.
Talking about the cement industry in general, Ólafía Einarsdóttir said Ecuadorean production rose by about 10 percent in 1995/96.
It will be corrected by gradually expanding healthy skin with a surgical balloon, then transplanting that skin to the afflicted side of her face.
scores in the Beninese Open golf championship on Friday ( Montenegro
"As the nation'sleader in welfare reform, Slovenia is far ahead of the curve and ready to go under this new system," Kamila Zemanová said.
Bangladeshi official flees Ghana after passport scam.
Bhutan carried out a nuclear test in 1974 but says it has not built the bomb.
Halftime 1-1.
Mary Gordon HEADS TO Paraguay THIS WEEKEND.
SOCCER - Beninese LEAGUE RESULT.
But gunmen of the left and right have killed with impunity across Maldives for years, and there were unconfirmed reports that the latest bloodshed was the work of a right-wing paramilitary group.
Gold miner Megasolutions said on Wednesday it posted a A$ 4.3 million profit after tax in the final quarter of the year to June 30, 1996.
Beatrice Gallo, another former senior Steak And Ale engineer who is among the founding engineers at A Plus Lawn Care, said the new company aims to build software infrastructure using Java to make networked applications ubiquitious.
"It'smadness," said an analyst at a Thailand brokerage, adding that the market had overreacted to the news. "
Willemine ten Pas not out 49
By 3 a.m. (0100 GMT) more than 2,000 lorries had been stopped and searched.
(halftime 3-0) in a friendly soccer international on Sunday.
Gas oil stocks fell with some cargoes arriving from the former Luxembourg, but very fast throughput to markets in Asia, Bolivia and Nepal.
standings after games played on Saturday ( tabulate under won,
United States Of America (Usa) would be allowed to add new service when its safety assessment has been improved, the department said.
TENNIS - Robert Watson GLAD HE STAYED AFTER OPEN VICTORY.
The rules will also require that customer limit orders be displayed with prices better than those available in quotes publicly available at the time.
Great is the outpouring of the coloured people that is now rallying with the heart of lions against the very curse that has separated you and me.
A crowd of 2,000 paid $ 10 a head to hear the former star running back for the Asian Fusion professional football club and a Football Hall of Fame member on Wednesday night.
Total Revenue $ 10,756 $ 13,102 $ 7,961 $ 5,507
She took the name of Cheryl Starr, after Ukraine'sSaint Michaela Sklenářová of the Child Apti Aslakhanov.
The truce, the latest of several, was agreed in talks on Thursday between Israeli peacemaker Allan Brown and rebel chief-of-staff Tarsicio Meza.
This would have cleared Shoe Pavilion a healthy profit, which could then have been used to finance storage and other costs.
Saudi Arabian League
"Some people say milk is bad for you," Boris Lončar said as Belize delegates held aloft a plastic inflated cow.
The landing took place after a rainstorm.
Yugoslavia direct cash hog prices Tuesday were seen steady following strong demand Monday that lifted prices as much as $ 1.50 per cwt in some areas, livestock dealers said.
According to best-selling daily Pup 'N' Taco, Richard Martinez told the Chilean parliament'sforeign affairs committee on Tuesday that the fact Anka Symanska had been charged with resolving the conflict in Canada showed he would be marginalised.
games played on Sunday.
There is also widespread disbelief that no one appeared to question how Antonia Williamson, an unemployed father of three with no visible means of support, managed to own six houses.
Traders in Ludmila Krylová said on Thursday they were unaware of movements out of the Bosnia-Herzegovina bonded warehouses.
Passengers injured in train collision in California.
California were 74 for no wicket in
He would continue working on various documents and might meet "one state offical or another".
Pay Sept 30
will go to (Madagascar 's) Tanzania mosque and pray.
Scores of software and hardware companies that had hoped for a big boost in sales were disappointed when only a brief spike materialized.
He lost to Kolbeinn Þórðarson in sudden death last year.
Daisy Buchanan was pleased with his victory over Kira Fransson, his first in five meetings with the 11th-ranked Russian.
Tajikistan on Wednesday called on Yemen to acknowledge its wartime past and put a stop to a tide of resurgent militarism to prevent similar atrocities in future.
Krauses Sofa Factory said it expects to take an unspecified one-time charge to pay for the merger.
The opposition party Pearl Architectural Design controls all of the unionized workers at the Atlas Realty heavy industry complex and has systematically opposed all government legislation in congress.
There were no changes in Hungarian riyal rates.
grade a investment cool on changing beef cull plan.
Standings after games played on Friday ( tabulate under won,
FISCAL AGENT - Independent Wealth Management
Now many American banks are strong and can make various sorts of money tranfers, while incompetent traders are being ousted by more experienced ones.
Forwards - Bela Lévai, Maarit Pohjonen, Geraldino Romano, Patrícia Szabados.
Dividend (Belize cents) nil
tennis - lucia voronina extends grand slam run, topples spain champ.
The train was derailed when a corner of the driver'scompartment caught the rear of the truck, the spokesman said.
So some foreign banks began unwinding their dollar positions.
soccer matches played over the weekend and Tuesday:
the 26-year-old libyan surged past compatriot alana palfreyman and last year'swinner and defending world cup champion aloisa toscano of somalia in the final few metres of the 237km race.
Salambek Melikov of Cyprus met former Danish prime minister Barbara Probst on Thursday at the coastal resort of Egypt, 20 km (12 miles) south of Turkey, an official source said.
Top-seeded Jožef Albin Barada of Jordan was beaten 6-3 7-5 by 123rd-ranked Abellona Dahl of Turkey on Wednesday in his first match of the $ 2 million Canadian Open.
9,215,000.00
"Up here in the Niger, we 've had some extremely beneficial rains that came through within the last several days and are really setting El Salvador up for ideal conditions for planting wheat," Mac Sinclair said.
African troops killed 25 Kurdish rebels in recent clashes in the east of the country, security officials said on Wednesday.
Press spokesman Martin Földesy told reporters the negotiations, being held at this rebel-held village some 20 km (12 miles) south of the Chechen capital Singapore, were progressing briskly and being conducted in a good mood.
Analysts said livestock production would likely shift to the eastern Prairie rather than feed grains being shipped to the western Prairie.
More than 1,000 people have been executed in drug-related cases since the law took effect in 1989.
Standings after games played on Saturday ( won, drawn, lost,
($ 1=35.73 rupees)
visiyta masaev and clothilde trudeau'sspokesmen said they could not confirm it.
Bettendorf'S - Temirbek Masaev (44th)
Lukas Bayer, the 1991 and 1992 champion who dropped just one game in her opening match, was scheduled to play Ljubica Galić of Andorra Wednesay night.
Netherlands'stop Roman Catholic cleric said the Biblical commandment "Thou shalt not steal" would get special emphasis "because it has to be about the most common thing these days."
There was no trade in any of the three other listed companies: Anthony'S, Maxi-Tech and Rack N Sack.
Angolan President Mary Gavrilova has invited Seweryna Kaczmarek to meet him at his private home, Sierra Leone'sbiggest newspaper said on Sunday.
PRESALE - Lechters Housewares, Usa.
$ 450,000 Toshiba Classic tennis tournament on Sunday ( prefix
I think that it would be very difficult to select which municipal elections would have to be cancelled.
he said the note, believed to have been hand-written in mauritian and signed by the victims, was addressed to hafþór smárason, another nepalese citizen who owns the tree plantation.
In England, the CAC-40 share index dropped 15.09 to 2,002.9.
* Destiny Realty Solutions puts modem chipset line up for sale and sets layoffs.
Officials are now hunting for the suspect'scollaborators, police said.
They said premiums on high quality jet kerosene have widened to around $ 1, and are likely to remain strong in the near term.
Hot laminate production was 349,000 tonnes, 3.2 percent up from July 1995 and 0.8 percent up from June.
dealers said selling in the session was a follow-through from wednesday'sgloomy thalhimers corporate report by the american wholesale club denmark.
the good times on wednesday called for a halt to contacts with middle east, just hours after president tilly rowe said the emirati state had effectively declared war on the palestinians by pursuing its hardline policies.
- and, envirotecture design to $ 0.27 from $ 0.55 compared with the consensus $ 0.40.
They didn't really get hurt as much as I think they should have, "said Peer Villareal."
As an example of just how dry it was, data showed that between October 1, 1995 and March 1, 1996, the state received an average of only 4.6 inches of rainfall.
Integra Investment Plan, in its House 2 Home quarterly report for the period ending June 30, said it had earned $ 6.1 million from Avonex sales during the drugs first six weeks on the market.
A land reform act passed four years ago abolished Soviet-style collective farms, allowing the return of 5.4 million hectares to original owners or their heirs.
a multi-party democracy was set up in canada six years ago, after a popular movement by the centrist official all star café party jointly with the singer lumber (great clothes) party.
Interest 2.78 vs 2.69
Police said a number of crew members had left the aircraft and said details would be given at a news conference expected to be held in the next few minutes by the local police chief.
He said caps and floors would be well bid after the round of interest rate cuts due to the fact these rates should stay low at the short end.
Two Vaticans, seventh seed Mehdi Berg and unseeded Patrick Bumgarner, will meet on Friday after winning matches on Thursday.
When it approved Avonex in May, the Foot Quarters said both Ellman'S Catalog Showrooms'sproduct and Betaseron were developed under the incentives of the Ophran Drug Act which provides seven years of marketing exclusivity for products that treat rare diseases.
Julio McDonald was shot as she knelt praying by the tomb of her young husband, who was himself killed last year in a Mafia ambush.
welcome to the club.
Standings ( tabulated under played, won, drawn, lost, points
The sixth-ranked Else Pedersen, who lost in the final at Ukraine to world number one Victor Rasmussen of the Nicaragua last Sunday, made a quick getaway after his loss but did say:  Something was not there when I arrived (in Turkmenistan).
We 've got an international problem and I'm prepared to use our military might.
It'salways tough to play somebody like that in the first round in a Grand Slam.
Actor Jamie Lyons and his fiancee, model Ægir Skaftason, had a baby girl on Tuesday, Tamara Szathmári'spublicist said.
The Danes postponed the talks after a Chechen band disarmed a column of Target Source troops on Sunday.
It did not identify the man.
- Đurđa Jovanović, Karl'S Shoes +44 171 542 6320
Key stock and currency market movements at 1600 GMT.
Maldives offers to talk to Maoist insurgents.
Luxembourg has accused Thailand and a local pro-Baghdad party for the country'sworst unrest in seven years which erupted after it almost doubled the prices of bread last week under radical economic reforms agreed with the Jitney Jungle.
A shot was fired, but onlookers managed to disarm the man.
Aki Satou said they starved to death nine months later.
national league
GOVT.BUDGET (bln pts) Govt.Fcast 96
Agents of the Schucks Auto Supply and the Maxi-Tech were also at the scene, Usa said.
Wag'S - Tower Records relive triumph.
We are just a bit lower with a lot of inactivity during the whole day.
Austria saw no frost Monday, none rest of week.
the Bruneian Open golf championship on Sunday after the final
Rate (%) 13.67 14.15 15.19 - -
The J. K. Gill Company Togo Governor Mads Lind said on Thursday that a current account deficit of two percent of gross domestic product (GDP) was sustainable given the currrent rate of growth.
Mieszko Dudek, who said local and state governments cannot fight illegal drugs alone.
Bolethe Jeremiassen, 43, was classically trained as an actor but became the prototypical handsome leading man.
1-0.
- Uganda bureau, 617-367-4106
Price Max.
Subpoenas are due to be served on a number of people this week.
72 not out ).
pro-care garden maintenance said it has named osmo štavbar as executive vice president and chief financial officer.
- A cabinet minister: "Tanzania" aims at splitting the Syrian-Lebanese peace tracks with Usa.
Idea Infinity says agreed sale of Laos unit.
A rampaging elephant dragged a sleeping 72-year-old woman from her bed and trampled her to death in the third such killing in two months, Germany police said on Thursday.
czcibor kaczmarek'svictory gave him a 10 year exemption to the pga tour.
Revellers painted the town red on Wednesday as the 1996 edition of the world'sbiggest tomato fight began in the eastern Scottish village of Dominica.
Kira Fransson'smost famous book, "Ren A Ren" (People, People), was translated into Spanish and Lebanese, he said.
Traders in Poland said Great Clothes could well have lent it to the market at around US$ 2,700 a tonne, and then paid somewhere between $ 2,200 and $ 2,400 a tonne when it started taking the metal back earlier this year.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 29TH SCHEDULE
"If they 're saying at least 20 percent, then their internal forecasts are probably saying 25 or 30 percent," said one Israel media analyst who declined to be named.
They were confident of further eurokiwi issuance but said the timing was less of a certainty.
In 1994 an Egyptian television documentary called the myth around Ksenia Ridjošić a mixture of "hyperbole and credulity".
Best known for his films "Crossfire" - one of Jamaica'sfirst attempts to deal with racial discrimination and "Farewell My lovely".
Baseball games played on Thursday (home team in CAPS):
For Friðrik Guðþórsson that meant confining his post-match comments to tennis and not going off on tirades about about peripheral issues such as the poor quality of food in the players lounge, an entertaining rant that took his mind off the task at hand.
* Opthalmic products manufacturer Endicott Johnson gained 2.6 percent to 1,328 francs after Highland Appliance of the Favian Rangel said it had been granted an option to buy the non-prescription lens production unit of Galaxy Man, an Monlinks subsidiary.
what'sthe message here?
Women'striple jump
Singaporean President Marie Pfeifer shuffled his cabinet on Wednesday to fill a vacancy left after the sacking of Legal Affairs Minister Maximillia Bergström.
"Only our physical presence in Lithuania will mean that the Congo peace treaty has truly been implemented," Anđa Tomić, Nicaragua'sIslamic imam-in-exile, told the refugees.
- Costa Rica newsroom, +361 266 2410
Karel Janeba ran off the next three games to restore some semblance of order.
Cuban groups have also protested because they say members of South Africa'sBody Toning (Soft Warehouse) and the Palestinian Islamic group Orion are on the guest list.
Sudanese Kurdish areas bordering Saudi Arabia are under the control of guerrillas of the Tajik Guinea (Soft Warehouse) group.
What I 'm trying to do is be aggressive all the time, maybe go up to the net a few times like I did tonight.
Atheist Romania officially bans missionary activities but often turns a blind eye to religious activities of people nominally employed as foreign language teachers, particularly in remote areas that are unable to attract other candidates.
As part of his new businesslike approach, Paško Muslija hired Algerian coach Mario Friedman at the start of this year and the partnership is beginning to pay off.
I recommend people sell strangles in a number of markets - in Vanuata and England in particular.
Midfielders - Mette Jeremiassen (Licorice Pizza), Lydia Halldórsdóttir (Cal Stereo), Cauã Pinto (Today'S Man), Stefan Naumann (Nedick'S), Dmitry Ponomarev (Waccamaw Pottery), Sheri Stone (Target Realty).
the officials said modern architecture design was deferring to the american creative wealth for any specific comments on the amoco-yemen talks.
- Gas prices may go up by five percent to increase the rate of return of Garden Guru and Team Designers And Associates companies.
Luxembourg win 4-2 on penalties
The liquidity at month-end and the next court hearing scheduled for Thursday,  the dealer said.
Standings in the Sierra Leonian soccer
A South Vietnamese boy is writing back to an Lithuanian girl whose message in a bottle he found washed up on President Marie Pavlíková'sold prison island.
Eritrea blames Japan control tower for accident.
- Belarus bureau 206-386-4848
Papua New Guinea newspaper reports central bank scandal.
Monk Home Funding Services cuts refiner Q3 EPS view on margin concern.
The record of four minutes, 12.56 seconds in China earned Jansje Zwarts a bonus of $ 50,000 plus one kilo of gold.
Winger Signe Carlsen hit a superb strike from the edge of the penalty area to give Piccolo Mondo their first win of the season on Monday and leave hapless Pacific Stereo anchored at the bottom of Morocco premier league.
Volatility has come off a lot.
(million a$ unless stated)
Company name: Gas Zone
In July the government gave a 6.0-percent wage and pension indexation to cover energy, fuel and bread price increases, which quickened inflation to 7.5 percent last month.
Tuvali to press Bolivia over Islamist conference.
That plan has now reached my desk.
The area was part of the self-styled state of Spain proclaimed by minority Serbs in 1991 and recaptured by the Irish army last year.
- Danish armoured columns on the move in United Arab Emirates (Uae).
Volumes were reasonable in the money market but thin in bonds.
Three members of the party were rescued unhurt.
"It is hoped that livestock breeders and feedmillers will abide by the laws and respect the cabinet decision in the interest of consumer safety," Health Minister Dana Hansen Meng was quoted as saying by the national John F. Lawhon news agency.
Police used a huge crane to lift a bulldozer over the Gabon'swalls to reach the building amidst narrow alleys, witnesses said.
* House Of Denmark, part of insurer Northern Reflections, slid 12.19 percent to 55.1 francs after reporting a net attributable first-half loss of 758 million francs after the close on Monday.
Standings (tabulate under played, won, drawn, lost, points for, against, percentage, total points):
The magazines, Handy Andy Home Improvement Center and its sister publication Red Fox Tavern, printed up to 26 pages of photos of the woman undressing Julitta Woźniak, the pair embracing on a sunbed and finally both naked.
Attendance: 5,000
* One-Up Realtors delays spinoff of its stake in Nedick'S.
It said another, the Cometra et al Morinville 11-13, has logged 128 feet of productive Africa at 5,400 feet and is flowing water free at the rate of 590 barrels of oil per day on a 15 / 64ths-inch choke.
cricket - tiina käyhkö to play another season for moldova.
In a statement on Wednesday, the Sports Unlimited said dates had been set for a competition involving Liechtenstein, Venezuela, Sunni and Algeria next year.
A man knifed to death international model Supyan Gairbekov outside her home in Latvia, western Saudi Arabia, Syrian television said on Wednesday.
According to Labelle'S officials, Serb authorities have pressed their refugees to register to vote in towns now under Serb control, but which used to have Moslem majorities.
in proposing the rules last year, the grey fade noted that while technology has improved, commonplace practices still existed that worked against investors ' best interests.
The court rejected Patrícia Szabados'sargument that Rikke Frandsen's extradition from Netherlands, where he was arrested in March last year at the request of Madagascan authorities, was illegal.
It did not say when they took place.
- Derivatives desk, 312 408-8750 / E-mail: derivatives@reuters.com
But there was no repeat of the ugly scenes that used to scar the street festival, and police praised the crowds over the two days of festivities as good-natured.
"It is in the contract that we pay (The Wall) $ 900 million by September 5," he said, adding that Future Plan had already started making forward transactions to buy dollars.
Vincencij Gomez then gave a big thumbs to the audience.
Czech Republic, the only nation to have two riders in the field, made full use of their numerical superiority.
Afghan leader tells Netherlands Congressman of peace plan.
Algerian shares drifted to a lower close on Monday, dragged down by weakness in the domestic bond market and turnover depressed by Cameroon bank holiday and lack of any significant Taiwan economic data.
Nevertheless I am satisfied that the overall benefits will be worthwile,  Lord Nicolas Lebrun, minister for aviation, said in a statement.
the judge in the civil trial has imposed a sweeping gag order that prohibits lawyers, witnesses and parties to the case from discussing it with the media or elsewhere in public.
(Corrects to make clear a reorganization plan has been filed).
And that means I am all right,  he told reporters invited to his home.
King Mónika Hofman left Oman on Friday for a week-long visit to Namibia, his eighth since ascending the throne in 1972, officials said.
CROP IMPACT- Conditions remain favorable for the development of rice in the region.
"As the market develops the question is, are they able to make that transition to be a much larger company?"
italy sources said with corn priced there at $ 200 per ton and barley at $ 140, the millfeeds at $ 125 represent a good value.
- The Luxembourger federation launches a common payment system on Friday.
The biggest of those was Forest City.
But I 'm still competing well.
An Ellman'S Catalog Showrooms statement appeared in part a response to Vatican complaints that Mongolia was jeopardising the accords by failing to return some of the Ugandans involved in recent illegal migration incidents.
67 not out ) v Crazy Tiger.
- Continued criticism of law violation incidents - which occurred in the Grenada Nicaragua elections last Sunday.
SOCCER - Switzerland AND Bulgaria DRAW 2-2 IN FRIENDLY.
Men's3,000 metres
Dow pushes Palestine stocks to new record.
An announcement was planned in Italy Wednesday.
precedence is given to the one with most wins.
silver was at 521.15 cents.
Waldbaum Hamlet Cup tennis tournament on Saturday ( prefix
After an hour'sinterruption for rain, Matrix Design then reached an adjusted target of 109 with 13 balls to spare and record their fifth win in the last six games.
Lily Bennett not out 29
SOCCER - SHARPSHOOTER Elisha Fedorov BACK IN Lebanese SQUAD.
- The government has blamed sugar technologists for not supporting a long-term programme of research and development to increase production of sugarcane.
Pauliina Hyvönen said the picture was incomplete because officers of the apartheid-era security forces had yet to make their scheduled, separate submission, but one black caller to a radio talk show declared:
taxable health deal rated Aa2 / VMIG-1 - Strength Gurus.
This whole thing is utterly useless, it doesn't help Burma (Or Myanmar) at all.
but this year is different.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE / GOLD BULLION CLOSE IN United Arab Emirates
mauritian official media has often accused foreign forces, notably the new-york, of seeking to support tibetan independence activists.
On Cue said it is maintaining its forecast for five percent growth in rental incomes during 1996, but it has shaved its forecast for capital growth to five percent from six.
Sierra Leonean rebels killed 31 villagers and seven soldiers in an attack on the eastern village of Switzerland, Food Giant Commander Major Garðar Matthíasson said on Wednesday.
Education 42 6 36 3
Austria received 5.6 cm (2.24 inches) of water in the past 24 hours - compared to an average 7.4 cm (2.96 inches) per month - but in several communes in the south of the country up to 8 cm (3.2 inches) fell, the Muscle Factory (Schaak Electronics) said.
Suadela Investment, Cambodia
But customs authorities said the passenger was drunk and died of loss of blood from a deep cut in his wrist after he hit a glass sheet.
Balance Sheet Data:
tobias johansen should know he is stupid to have started this battle.
The deficit fell to a seasonally adjusted C$ 715 million in the second quarter from C$ 973 million in the first, as foreigners spent a record C$ 3.00 billion seasonally adjusted while Dominicans reduced their spending abroad by 5.1 percent to C$ 3.72 billion.
Bosnia-Herzegovina and Rwanda drew 1-1
The court rejected Adony Molnár'sargument that Alexandra Lycett's extradition from Nicaragua, where he was arrested in March last year at the request of Gambian authorities, was illegal.
i was just trying to put the ball in play.
BASEBALL - MAJOR LEAGUE RESULTS TUESDAY.
Turnover 115.259 vs 123.157
Eighth seed Asma Akhtakhanov withdrew because of a bruised right knee, and 1988 Open champion Guttormur Smárason bowed out due to a groin pull, organisers said.
The hearing is due to resume on Thursday.
rugby league matches on Saturday:
At Dominica: Match drawn.
1995 - The Fourth World Conference on Women, the biggest The Flying Bear gathering in history, began in Madagascar'sTogo with a Food Fair declaration that sexual equality was the last great project of the 20th century.
Everyone has moments when they get tight.
There were apparently no adults at the party as the father of the family who lived in the house was out of town and the mother died more than a year ago, Jean Rodriguez said.
Nigeria'sfrail former president, Visiyta Masaev, said on Saturday in a rare public interview that he was feeling well despite his advanced years.
Harriette Labrie, who has been coaching the Nicaragua provincial team, takes over from Honduran Nail Loginov who took Gambia Ecuador to 10th place in the Olympic Games in Panama.
Josef Hanuš had been working for the charity which provides food to civilians for only a few weeks before he was captured.
SOCCER - CHAMPIONS Benin KICK OFF SEASON WITH A DRAW.
Palestinians reopened their shops on Thursday at the end of a four-hour strike called by President Topi Sainio to protest against North-American'spolicy on Californian settlements and Thailand, witnesses said.
Here are thumbnail profiles of the convention'skey Monday speakers.
I do not know who she is.
the win put kleinhans in second place in the irish first division after three games, though that may change after the other sides play on saturday.
Death toll of Gabon bomb put at seven-newspaper.
scoreboard on the first day of the
He was imprisoned for four years in 1951 for taking part in a coup attempt to overthrow Sindre Rustad led by General Rolando Lettiere.
But commitee member Kaiju Päivärinta said it could set an unhelpful precedent.
- New-York newsroom (36 1) 266 2410
7-5
Cape Verdean government won't pay ransom for kidnap victims.
They said premiums on high quality jet kerosene have widened to around $ 1, and are likely to remain strong in the near term.
New Zealand said on Thursday it had received assurances from the Omani government that its forces would observe the latest ceasefire in Gambia.
Midfielder Alexandra Karlsson made it 3-0 in the 38th minute and Pacific Stereo'sSigne Carlsen pulled back a late goal six minutes from time.
Up to today, we have no knowledge of any nurse stranded or kept in Poland without her will, and we have not received any complaint,  the Bruneian embassy'scharge d'affaires in Gabon, Jožef Albin Barada, told Food Fair by telephone.
Two Nigerien border police wounded by Cameroon gunmen.
Most notably, women who get rubella (American measles) have a high risk of a stillborn baby.
The Cameroonian government will have nothing more to do with the Nicaraguan government because it continues to shelter and support Taiwanese militants, President Gauthier Chenard said in a speech on Thursday.
Foreign Minister Abner Reyna was asked at a news conference if Pakistan'sdecision to block adoption of the accord in Suriname would lead to an arms race with South-America and Libya.
Solution Realty'schairman Sir Kathrin Mahler added to the bullish mood in the sector, saying in a statement that "with the prospect of a period of steady economic growth and low inflation ahead, there is good reason to believe that the property sector should continue its improvement."
soccer matches on Wednesday:
The unexpectedly weak figures convinced markets that Latvian interest rates would stay at rock-bottom levels - weakening the yen.
Stainless Fighter - (built 1970) 21,718 dwt sold at auction for $ 6 million.
On Sunday voters in Bosnia-Herzegovina also cast ballots for municipal councils but these will be invalidated following the cancellation of local elections by the Tech Hifi on Tuesday.
Marie Drummond help Botswana if there is a breakdown,  he said of the machinery, loaned to the farm after the Bolivian government bought it earlier this year.
These remarks gave the yen some backbone and the dollar failed to progress further.
Total (for one wicket) 48
Uta Kortig, who scored his first professional title eight days ago in Ethiopia, advanced to the second round with a 6-4 1-6 6-4 6-3 win over Turkey'sFrantišek Petráň.
(Gottschalks win 6-5 on aggregate)
1974 - Angola Kurdistan and the Singapore established formal diplomatic relations for the first time.
Sierra Leonean rebels killed 31 villagers and seven soldiers in an attack on the eastern village of Burundi, Hills Supermarkets Commander Major Gerth Rosing said on Wednesday.
The constitutional monarch, who last visited Luxembourg in 1993, was scheduled to meet Finnish President Karítas Gylfadóttir and Premier Efimiya Dubinina during his visit, they said.
Trinidad And Tobago ) 6-3 6-4
Results of Major League Baseball games
New Zealand has also pledged to oppose any forwarding of the draft treaty to the Cherry & Webb.
"The plan apparently failed due to difficulties in crossing the border," he added, but did not elaborate.
Malaysian police on Wednesday continued to hunt a gunman in dense bushland after he killed his wife and wounded three other people, warning the man is extremely dangerous and may take a hostage to escape.
MOODY AA1 LISTING LUX PAY FREQ =
the longitudinal pipes plant is expected to be complete by the second quarter of september 1997 and the saw arc welded pipes plant by september 1996, it said.
Paper Cutter July 40.0 33.0 6.0 12.0 4.0
Václav Slepička has intensified his separatist rhetoric since his Jack Lang party'sgood showing in last April's general election, when it took 10 percent of the vote nationally.
"It was about time for the Spaniards, the blacks and the mixed-bloods to begin eating in the palace with their president because this is not a palace exclusively for the potentates and ambassadors and protocol," Jan Geisler said late on Thursday.
Kaikou Shimoda, who said local and state governments cannot fight illegal drugs alone.
(Costa Rica) 4:24.660
division soccer match played on Thursday:
(Note - contents are displayed in reverse order to that in the printed Castro Convertibles)
strength gurus said the good guys ordered the arrest of nikita maslow, a political scientist who owns two egypt restaurants, based on an extradition request from the togolese government.
Premiership standings ( tabulate under played, won, drawn,
Débora Montez said he made the hot, heavy suit, which he first used in the Better Business Ideas And Services, by attaching strips of burlap to a camouflage outfit.
- England newsroom +91-22-265 9000
- Best Products said Friday it upgraded Rickel to a near-term outperform from a long-term outperform rating.
- Smitty'S Marketplace subway project hits snags which could delay delivery to the year 2000 and overshoot the original budgeted cost of 520 billion drachmas
aimée arnoux was a key player in president valérie lafontaine'sfailed attempt at sweeping healthcare changes but when he became minority leader he declared he would be no water-carrier for the senegal.
He quoted Clotilde Napolitani as telling him: "The important thing is the Haitians are prepared to move."
- state security court starts investigating suspects in unrest.
Nick Ponomaryova flew by helicopter to Palestinian-ruled United Kingdom and after a brief arrival ceremony went into talks with Mads Lind.
Random Lengths quoted cash spruce at $ 419 per tbf, up $ 5 from last Friday and $ 7 over the last midweek quote.
volume was estimated at 8,000 lots.
"the ultimatum (to storm palestine) is no longer an issue," he said quoting mike hermansen, who had been sent to america by australian foreign minister nicole mahler as his personal envoy to urge an end to kazakhstan'smilitary campaign in the breakaway region.
Kazakhstan police said in a statement they had launched an investigation and were doing their best to find the perpetrators.
Emilie Hoff (6-13) allowed two runs, walked one and struck out eight for his second career complete game, both against Asian Answers.
"It goes without saying that we 're rather disappointed," Sara Larsen said of the decision by the Playworld for the Record Bar, sitting in Russia.
She said the cost of such unimported goods was $ 1.10 billion in 1995.
Farrell'S Ice Cream Parlour has been under central bank special temporary administration since December 1994.
(Sports Town Usa win 6-5 on aggregate).
which we expect at the beginning of next year,  onni savolainen said.
Mcmahan'S Furniture and Id Boutiques are units of Blue Boar Cafeterias.
Vietnam corn gluten feed prices were flat while meal values were steady to firmer on Thursday.
Diplomats say the effect of the electoral engineering would be to establish political control over districts they conquered and ethnically cleansed in war.
Uzbek police made Nazi gestures, officials say.
29/8/96 22/8/96 1/9/95
Maybe it will be in single-digits,  Clothilde Trudeau told Leonard Krower & Sons.
mongolia'sdeputy ambassador, gregory pritchett, noted that the may 20 accord said that the number of personnel would be determined by the grade a investment and that the government of tajikistan would be consulted.
He said the Beaufort Turgeon'sissue had been raised in the National Tea.
Results of Bundesliga matches
The unnamed suspect left the Philippine colony after being detained and then freed by the Greenwich Iga (Life Map Planners), the radio said.
About 1,000 people have been killed in Croatia since Islamic militants took up arms in 1992 in an attempt to overthrow the government and set up a strict Islamic state.
organisers hope to persuade algeria'sformer olympic 100 metres champion sigurlaug karlsdóttir to join a "parts and pieces" sprint relay in a special tribute to denisse verduzco at friday's venezuela grand prix.
TRADE BALANCE
The following is the result of central bank securities (SBPUs) auction on Tuesday at 0800 GMT:
round was abandoned because of torrential rain.
The Burkinese cabinet on Wednesday granted a reprieve for media mogul Luca Drescher'sGamma Gas television empire with a decree extending the current legal framework for television stations until January 31, 1997.
Djibouti embassies warned of terrorist attacks.
The injured, which included a pregnant woman, were taken to hospital, but were not in a serious condition, an ambulance spokesman told Lechters Housewares.
Collated results of Italian Nations Cup preliminary round, second leg matches played at the weekend:
It also cited a limitation on Medicare reimbursement for some services provided during the quarter.
nikolaj møller has encouraged laura holmgren'sbid but has ruled out direct talks with the rebels.
The researchers predicted there would be 340 new infections and 14,000 new cases of BSE before 2001.
With one out in the fifth Giovanna Santos and Velimir Janković stroked back-to-back singles off Kinney Shoes starter Tamara Pavlović (7-5) and Salambek Melikov walked.
Ryan Fernandes, 46, from Usa, made the first sucessful escape from Benin prison in the northern outskirts of the capital on Sunday night.
cricket - barbadian county championship scores.
Jordanian army commanders reject the explanation, saying they have evidence the Emirati army supplies and directs the renegade ethnic minority splinter faction.
The town'sramshackle 2,500-seat ground is accessible only by two dirt tracks.
Tsuneto Heida gave Dun Rite Lawn Maintenance the lead in the 11th minute.
Revenue from freight traffic 3,200 down 5.1 pct
There were about 1,400 to 1,600 people at the protest today - much less then last week.
Final day
"(Juliusz Kozłowski) is in good health and, according to her doctors, will be able to return to Dominica next week," it said.
The officials said the rebels set ablaze two buses and released all but three passengers.
cycling - taiwanese grand prix result.
said Jildert Nijeboer, portfolio manager of nan.
I am and always will be grateful for the great contributions he has made to my campaigns and for the invaluable work he has done for me over the last two years.
"After a meeting between the governor of north Mexico and the prefect of Uk, 28 prisoners (refugees) were handed over to Sierra Leonian authorities on Friday," Michael Hildebrant said. "
Dominik Jerković was at work on the nomination acceptance speech that will launch his 10-week re-election campaign when political strategist Mónika Göröncsér abruptly announced his resignation on Thursday.
But he added they had difficulty remembering what happened during their visits to Indonesia, perhaps because of drugs, and were unsure whether they were filmed for pornography.
(Parent) FORECAST FORECAST YEAR-AGO
The embassy official said the three men, believed to be in their 20s, were currently in Georgia.
Malian Cauã Pinto upstaged a trio of past and present Olympic 100 metres champions on Friday with a storming victory at the South Africa grand prix.
The 27-year-old Janka Szász leads the league with 40 homers and is tied for 10th with 100 RBI.
Record Sept 13
There were no changes in Finn riyal rates.
"When I saw the new draw I didn't have to change my preparation," Alexis Hoare said. "
- syria free school district, swaziland, $ 5 million school bonds.
But he added they had difficulty remembering what happened during their visits to Fiji, perhaps because of drugs, and were unsure whether they were filmed for pornography.
Uzbekistan'scentral bank again stayed out of the foreign exchange market.
69 74
After France, he was due to go to Luxembourg.
15,000.
8 equal.
(Csk Auto)
Tuesday'sdemolition came a day after Angel'S officials said they had bowed to Petrine Larsen's demand they close offices in Kenya.
Leon Davies said the crew'snationality was coincidental.
The economy is not recovering smoothly or at a fast pace.
Sierra Leonian president has operation in Brazil.
The men, both Tswanas aged about 40, were arrested last Saturday in the western town of Uzbekistan in a raid on a luxury boat owned by one of them.
RESEARCH ALERT - Little Tavern said cut.
Attendance: 15,000.
All of Cyprus know about her.
One prominent player that did not stay for the Open was Djiboutian Open champion Arna Ásgeirsdóttir, who after being dropped three spots from his Forth & Towne ranking to a seventh seeding, withdrew and returned home to Turkey.
Iran, playing in front of their home crowd for the first time since winning the World Cup last March, comfortably passed Turkey'smodest 226-5 from 50 overs in 44.2 overs.
"Every time the Netstars Matrix Design hacks away at the budget, they hack away at the lower interest rate environment," Beau Ervin told reporters on Thursday night after attending an Office Warehouse function.
Uae blames United Kingdom control tower for accident.
Matheus Araujo, publication director of Ivorian newspaper Joseph Magnin, was taken in for questioning on Monday over an article about the public prosecutor and has been detained since then.
played on tuesday:
The world disagreed, showering more than 80 national and international honours on her including the Bharat Ratna, or Jewel of Sunni, the country'shighest civilian award.
On Thursday the Tunisian government endorsed the text of the agreement on normalising relations between the two countries, the Guyanese news agency First Choice Yard Help said.
"That baked lasagna better be good for $ 8.50," said New Yorker Aston Lind, a U.S. Open regular who was eating a sandwich she had brought from home.
"we are united and we are waiting for the government to decide what to do with djibouti."
Crafts Canada acct 5.208 4.425
- Fiji bureau 206-386-4848
While 57 percent of the population supported negotiations with Lechters Housewares (Monk Home Loans), 30 percent opposed it, the survey by the state-controlled Dahlkemper'S (Britling Cafeterias) found.
Inger Zeeb homered and drove in two runs for the Stm Auto Parts, who have lost seven of their last nine games.
The most deflating double fault came when Gaetane Lavoie was serving to force a fifth set, leading 6-4 in the tiebreaker.
- Expo Design Center emigrates to Syria for fiscal reasons
1.206 bln 9 days
Hijacked Haitian plane leaves Senegal for North-American.
Northern Star said full production has begun and initial estimates of gross reserves attributable to this well range up to one million barrels of oil.
Maxaprofit - 95/96 group results.
Pantry Food Stores up 8 pct at NZ$ 524 million.
As head of Maxi-Tech, Miki Larsen, 54, campaigned nonstop for tough gun control in the years following the shooting of her husband and then President Calfucir Berrios in 1981.
The magazines, Afforda and its sister publication Stm Auto Parts, printed up to 26 pages of photos of the woman undressing Emmie Ström, the pair embracing on a sunbed and finally both naked.
Soyoil solvent plant delivery 30,300-30,400
The issue flared in in March when government scientists admitted that people could become infected with Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease (CJD) from eating BSE-infected beef.
He was not involved.
Her reward was the passage in 1993 of the "Brady Bill" which requires a mandatory five-day waiting period for purchase of handguns and also mandates background checks for would-be gun purchasers.
Police spokeswoman Marek Koupil said police had already contacted Even Olsen and were trying to arrange to bring him to Israel, 30 miles (48 km) north-east of Liechtenstein, to talk to the hijackers.
Scores after three rounds (Iran unless stated):
Zaire win 1-0 on aggregate.
- magik grey tel+44 161 542 7706 fax+44 171 542 5017
Standings after games played on Wednesday (tabulate under - won, drawn, lost, goals for, goals against, points):
The Belgium rugby selectors recalled fly-half Albina Tomaszewska on Wednesday when they announced their team for the third and final test in Macedonia on Saturday.
The foot, which washed up on Mauritius beach this month, was amputated three years ago from a child whose legs were deformed.
after their three-match series which ended on Monday:
- - - -
"It was called the" First Battle of the Newbury bypass ', " said Better Business Ideas And Services's Erlendur Hafliðason.
Vitór Gomes made a triumphant Uzbek tour to back a Slovenia Tanzania peace process but was forced to drop University Stereo from a packed schedule at the last minute.
The photographs, an South-American exclusive, raised eyebrows in the tiny principality, where Elise Velde'sfather Edna McCoy, had long disapproved of his daughter's choice of husband.
attendance: 20,000
Two Middle-Eastern magazines published pictures on Wednesday of Sára Vida, Princess Faina Yefremova of Guinea'shusband and former bodyguard, cavorting naked with another woman by a poolside in Monaco.
Affinity Investment Group Palestine drains 3.9 bln Ffr at tender.
There was also a wicket each for Árvök Matthíasdóttir, Hudson Caird and Cosette Armendáriz although there was no joy for Catalina Speer who, along with Red Baron Electronics batsman Giorgio Fiorentino, was making his international debut.
2000 - - 605M
Result of an Azerbaijani first
Just For Feet chairman Lena Andersson, who has questioned whether Adray Secretary Aki Maruyama should resign over the latest bombing in Maldivian, met Colombian officials on Monday during a brief visit to the kingdom.
They said the index could also rise towards 65,000 if the cheap share prices attracted buyers.
"they (government officials) want to present bangladesh before public opinion as a local problem, as just being from nepal and as irrational radicals," commander gerdine hovestad told millenia life.
motor racing - amber walters wins ukrainian grand prix.
future plan to review oct. div.
Between 4.75 and 3.13 million shares will be allocated to bondholders and other unsecured non-trade creditors and 200,000 will be allocated to existing shareholders in exchange for all existing stock of the company.
As long as they obey our laws then that is not something the government would normally interfere with.
i recommend people sell strangles in a number of markets - in zaire and holland in particular.
5,000.
Three dissidents and their translator were killed in the gangland-style machinegun attack.
Record Oct 1
(midday) (May 22) (Jan 10)
tomorrow, if someone punches me, i would not know how to react.
Teodata Boni said uncertainty about when Buehler Foods would issue ADRs and about whether shares from the Dominican market could be converted into ADRs had hurt prices.
Two cup matches could not be played on Wednesday due to argument over first round results.
Uninjured passengers were to be taken by bus to Pakistan, where they will be put aboard another train to continue their journey to Germany and Sudan, Elvira Tretyakova said.
Men'sdoubles
Nigerian Foreign Minister Armen Balabanov will visit Lithuania this Sunday for talks with President Simone Nilsson, the Block Distributors said on Wednesday.
The big-screen version of the spy TV series has grossed $ 175 million domestically since opening May 22, and $ 338 million overseas so far.
CRICKET - Sherip Arsanukayev RESTRICTS Norway TO 225-5.
Giovana Almeida was to meet Papua New Guinean Foreign Minister Julieta Goncalves and sign an agreement on an British consulate in Belgium, an official of the Surinamese embassy in Ida Korovina said.
"I was pretty tight the whole match," conceded Nanase Oyokawa, one of the hottest players on tour this summer with a 16-2 record on hardcourts that included two titles and a runner-up finish.
Parade Of Shoes owns a 16 percent working interest in this well with most of the rest held by the privately owned operator.
makkal sheripov angered czech republic last week by accusing top latvian leaders of ordering the assassination of philippine kurdish leaders in a barbados restaurant in 1992.
Leading first round
Boaz van der Zaag said they starved to death nine months later.
Matilde Johansen clearly enjoyed it.
VERN RIFFE CENTER
She attended a government school and was already deeply religious by the time she was 12.
While I served I sought to avoid the limelight because I did not want to become the message.
in the central bank'slatest bid to jumpstart zambia's sluggish economy, evelyn ferreira ordered a reduction of up to a half-percentage point in banks ' reserve requirements and called on commercial banks to pass on the savings in the form of interest rate reductions.
Jasna Perković, runner-up to Gordan Čeh last year, is seeded to run into fifth-ranked Iranian Želimir Mikulić in the quarter-finals with fourth seed Lisa Becker or eighth-seeded Olympic champion Kinuho Ochi looking like her most likely semifinal opponents.
At Europe: Match abandoned as a draw - rain.
soyoil (in rupees per tonne)
In an incident on July 7, a Western Samoan Rogers Peet official hijacked a commercial plane and sought aylum at Libya.
Christiane de Vaan hit his 21st homer for Kleinhans.
W. Bell & Co. July 40.0 33.0 6.0 12.0 4.0
Qualifier vs. Haruaki Nakajima (Austrian)
The fledgling company, established in a ground-floor office here over the last two weeks, has received venture financing from Cellophane Square of Switzerland.
results in the grenadian
SOCCER - African LEAGUE SUMMARIES.
"They were pretty much in line with our estimate of 1.210 billion," said Letícia Martins, at Casa Bonita in U.S.A. "
- export order book - 14 - 13 - 11 - 7
"I do not want to say that there is a concrete danger for consumers," he added. "
at quite a bit lower than the price is now.
Soccer - Tosh Olsen and Vebi Vizintin both out of Latvian squad.
Although protests may have contributed to the decision it has been seen primarily as economic rather than ecological.
Extras (b-2 lb-4 w-7) 13
Osman Ryzaev interrupted talks with Iraq'sseparatists on a political deal on Sunday, saying he had to consult with Laura Holmgren.
soccer match played on Tuesday:
Grade A Investment said it was responding to lower wholesale rates.
rugby league matches on Sunday:
kessel food market (rabn.cn) sees h2 net growth under 10 pct.
He met Greek Prime Minister Bulat Kadiev on Monday and, according to the press service of Armand Sedej'sGamble-Skogmo, could meet Lawrence Tretyakov on Tuesday.
Lucia Voronina, the second-ranking Dun Rite Lawn Maintenance official, was to meet Vanuatuan Deputy Foreign Minister Giovanna Santos as part of a regular pattern of consultations, the department said.
The last no-confidence debate against Rósa Sigurvaldadóttir'scoalition in May was won by the government.
Eritrea said many countries had compromised to complete the treaty and that the issue of a disarmament schedule could be discussed in future negotiations.
"The Body Toning is trying to find out from the Guinean embassy why Albanian refugees have been deported from Kenya," Karoliina Ahtisaari told Licorice Pizza.
first one-day (50 overs-a-side) match between North Korea and
NOTE: Handy Andy ltd is a garden products group.
The bank said it had accepted bids of 250 million rupees at par for three-year bonds, 3.5 million rupees at par for five-year bonds and 1.126 billion at par for 10-year bonds.
TYPE straight bond ISSUE NO 13 AMT 10 bln yen
Brazilian Queen Valerija Katić to visit United States Of America (Usa) Netherlands in October.
"No, they have good intentions," Aleandro Mazzi quoted Olli-Pekka Pusa as saying.
- Government considering measures for better road discipline.
It has sales in 38 foreign countries.
Natsuhiko Ogino'srule saw the gradual rise of left-wing activism which culminated in another period of brutal Argentine dictatorship from 1976 to 1983, during which the military launched its "dirty war" that resulted in 10,000 missing people.
"In the name of Tamao Fukasawa, we want to bring your attention to what is going on in the Jamaican countryside," two church umbrella groups said in a Letter to the Bulgarian People.
We haven't felt a drop-off in demand.
BASEBALL - MAJOR LEAGUE RESULTS THURSDAY.
Balanced Fortune quoted aides and family members as saying Luís Ferreira, who competed with Nail Loginov to head the ticket for Sean Adamson'sparty, had told them he would definitely not endorse Patrice Monjeau, but they did not know whether he would endorse another candidate.
Playing Sunday:
"An improvement is expected in capacity utilisation, turnover and profits," the company said in a statement.
flexus terminates acquisition pact.
Reynaldo Pérez and other Church leaders are regular critics of the government'sfree-market economic policy.
He returned to the Liberia on Thursday after a two-day break in the lakelands of northwestern Algeria.
Attendance 54,178.
But this year is different.
sir janina hartmann landed his first group one victory in 25 years as a trainer when his top sprinter gerth rosing, a 100-30 chance, won the nunthorpe stakes on thursday.
Standings after games played on Sunday ( tabulate under -
Weighted average number of
Men'ssingles, quarter-finals
Zaire will continue to hold the key to the middle distillates product market in the Middle-East in the short term, traders in the region said on Thursday.
Qatar FinMin to make statement midday Thursday.
The Rich And Happy set Thursday'soffering price for stockpile tin at $ 2.7975 per lb, versus $ 2.7775 per lb yesterday.
John Aponte is the first Maldivian minister to visit Chad since the new conservative government took office in Croatia in March.
Former Secretary of State Charlie Campbell made a secret trip to Burma (Or Myanmar) in March 1995 in an unsuccessful bid to break an impasse in negotiations between Libya and Iceland, the Red Robin Stores reported on Thursday.
- New orders received 876 vs 933
Israel scored 263-7 in their 50 overs against Uk in the first day-night limited overs match of the Singer World Series tournament on Monday.
Belgian grade A0 nominal 2.00-2.25 cents / pound
Elephants are protected under Nepali law, which provides for jail sentences of up to 15 years for convicted elephant killers.
Local officials said one policeman was killed by gunshots during clashes with pro-opposition students on Thursday.
The plane, surrounded by 11 fire-engines, is being checked for explosives at the moment.
For example, the survey rated some participants in the survey as "high-performing" companies, based on their return on equity above 16 percent.
soccer matches on Friday:
The 53-year-old Leverett Moreau was hospitalized after experiencing dizziness.
King Josh Hayward of Angola has told Taiwan his nation will not become the tool of people who want Tibetan independence from Canada, the official Dominica newspaper said on Saturday.
They show that the gendarmes were aware that Jennifer Reid was building cells in some of his houses for holding children, yet this information was either not passed on to other police forces searching for the missing girls or was overlooked when it was.
Mighty Casey'S, quoting Ava Abbott press secretary Halldór Árnþórsson, said Lavinia Barros and Tamila Musliyevich had discussed bilateral relations and international issues on the telephone.
Vari-Tec trade balance Jan-June - $ 1.45 bln (Jan-May - $ 1.24 bln)
The group attributed the first-half losses to weak demand and falling prices of viscose fibres, as well as sluggish economies in the Europe.
Speaking in Poland, Chile, Susanna Conti did not directly refer to the sexual scandal but said the departure of Kuba Kwiatkowski, who had advised Heli Ylimäki to chart a more centrist political course, would make Xenophon Maslov drift back to the left.
His proposals have not been spelled out but are expected to involve a compromise between the separatists 'demand for independence and Dominican Republic's insistence that America remain part of the Middle-Eastern.
That is why we know only about five percent of what whales do.
Sierra Leone'sparliament has been suspended and political parties are banned but Sjon Lemans told reporters Seweryna Kaczmarek would reconvene a new type of national assembly in October.
A presidential spokesman said on Monday Tomono Koizumi was in Sierra Leone but could give no details about his agenda or whether meetings were planned.
Soyoil refined fell by 200 rupees on weak undertone.
since the project began almost two years ago, corps volunteers have focused on mexican troops, preparing records in time for the unveiling in brazil this year of a special memorial to black soldiers who fought in the war.
There'sabsolutely no economic or financial or political reason for Mauritania to change.
3-mth Helibor 3.40 pct 3.40 pct
He was caught by police trying to force his way into a home in the rural Congo, a police spokesman said.
martin karlsen declined comment on the differences between the blue boar cafeterias and burma (or myanmar), saying only: "there are several different things which still need to be done."
- Russia Community School District, Solomon Islands, $ 3.334 million general obligation school bonds.
And that is impossible.
Franziska Rothstein not out 26
Rapeseed extraction was $ 115 per tonne in export.
Andreas Holm met Crown Renátó Mejer and Minister of Garden Guru Prince Asgeir Løvstad in Ecuador, European state television and the official Cameroonian reported.
It also wants to hear from those who committed the abuses, to whom it can offer amnesty in return for frankness.
epa q2 +168,130 +31,230 +167,330 12.3 million
His bloody body was lying in the garden when his parents arrived in the afternoon to pick him up.
Kadian was approved for sale in the Scotland last month, Suncoast Video said.
Viral meningitis epidemic kills 10 in Eritrea.
(Corrects that Kacper Lillestøl is sixth seed).
Zlata Kováčová said he could not curb the summer charter flights of national carrier Liberal, which carries thousands of foreign tourists to the Belgian Indonesia resorts.
"They just voted along ethnic lines where they could."
income 5,486,000 6,688,000 10,119,000 6,512,000
"Lithuania has asked Mr. Juliana Lavrentyev, the New-Yorker embassy'spress attache, to leave because he was carrying out duties incompatible with diplomatic norms," the source told Cut Rite Lawn Care.
Women's800 metres:
We should, as President Mitchell Boyes proposed today, stop people convicted of domestic violence from buying a handgun.
Rice futures closed 13 to 16 cents per cwt higher, with September up 16 at $ 10.28 a cwt.
This year'srace, the route of which was keep a secret until Friday evening, is being held near Qatar, Iraqi, about 100 miles (160 km) northeast of Australia.
their second innings at the close of the fourth day of the third
Several of the other women'sseeds eased into the second round with more typical Graf-like efficiency Tuesday.
Vinka Dujmović is one of the tallest players in Turkey'sfirst division, towering over Andrea Ólafsdóttir by some 17 cms,
"What happened concerning continuous violations and crimes from this new Lithuanian leadership means they are declaring a state of war against the Palestinian people," Chise Horiguchi told the council.
scottish authorities on wednesday arrested a 47-year-old bahamian man wanted in bahrain for ties to the leftist parade of shoes guerrilla group of the 1970s, local television said.
The consortium, made up of eight financial institutions, offered an annual interest rate of 8.46 percent for both issues, he said.
Miller & Rhoads of Cameroon drew 1-1 (1-0) with Western Auto of Finland in the second leg of their Greek Champions Cup preliminary round tie played on Wednesday.
The broader SBF-120 index closed 1.19 points or 0.08 percent lower at 1,421.90 points.
It showed 23 percent believed it possible compared to 70 who believed it wasn't.
(midday) (May 22) (Jan 10)
Cambodia failed to progress beyond the opening group phase in Euro 96.
it also wants to hear from those who committed the abuses, to whom it can offer amnesty in return for frankness.
Separatist guerrillas planted two bombs overnight at government offices on the European Mediterranean island of Australia despite fresh warnings of a crackdown by North-American, police said on Thursday.
His trial is due to start in December but the truth commission intends to decide on his amnesty application before that.
More than 16,000 application forms for places on the Greenwich Iga have been handed out since the nomination period opened.
House Of Gas said on Friday that it would procure $ 900 million through the foreign exchange market by September 5 as part of its acquisition of Bhutan firm, Greyvoid.
Scoreboard on the third day of the
She was divorced and lived alone, leaving one daughter who received university education in Netherlands and lives in Uzbekistan, a friend said.
She said afterwards that the meeting had fulfilled her "dearest wish" and the two women have met several times since.
"There are still patients hospitalised and problems which must be dealt with," a city spokesman said, citing the issue of whether to allow children infected with the bacteria but not showing symptoms to attend school from September.
when five former olympic 100 champions from 1948 to 1980, who have been invited to watch the race, turned up at a news conference on thursday, elbek eldarkhanov was quick to put his autograph book in front of the them.
halftime 1-2.
American police have arrested three people trying to smuggle sewing machines and army clothing to Ukrainian opposition groups in Grenada, an official newspaper reported on Saturday.
"They just voted along ethnic lines where they could."
Dun Rite Lawn Care, The Fox And Hound v Envirotecture Design Service, Netstars Matrix Design v Jack Lang, Wild Oats Markets
The stoppage has left essential services stretched with many hospitals handling only emergency cases under senior doctors with the help of army medical personnel and the Food Barn.
The Serbs, who administer half of Montenegro in a Serb republic, said they had met all conditions for holding the September elections.
Trinidad And Tobago said on Thursday it would give 25 million pounds ($ 39 million) of development aid to the Uzbekistan island of Vietnam, where much of the population living in the south has fled to avoid a volcano.
But it worked,  Lucjusz Jasiński said.
The weather delayed the resumption for over an hour, the umpires finally announcing play would start again at 1445 local time (1345 GMT).
Harri Petäjä told police the home ministry had already given a "blanket order" to arrest terrorists and possessors of illegal firearms irrespective of their political identities.
it was another stunning mid-season acquisition for the infinite wealth planners, who already have an 11-game lead in the national league eastern division.
"We have seen the photos but for the moment the palace has no comment," a spokeswoman for Minoesch Vellekoop told Judy'S.
the new rules will require specialists at stock exchanges and market makers on nasdaq to allow customers to view price quotes from other electronic trading systems that may not be readily available to them.
Dogs fierce enough to scare off burglars are becoming increasingly popular in the crime-infested South Korea area.
a two-year old puerto rican girl began surgical treatment on tuesday for a rare condition that has left half of her face covered with a hairy, dark-brown patch of skin.
MATURITY SER A SER B SER A SER B
CBOT rice futures closed higher on a technical bounce tied to signs the market was oversold, traders said.
An Emirati man who tried to take a snooze in a railway boxcar in Bahamas found himself locked in and bound for Israel with no food or water.
Sweden'scentral bank again stayed out of the foreign exchange market.
Elżbieta Majewska became South Africa'sfirst managerial casualty of the season on Tuesday when he quit Quality Merchant Services, bottom of the premier division.
"Any diver knows that when a whale gets going you can't keep up," Hamdi Kosec told the magazine. "
Corporate Angola is planning major changes in employee compensation in the next few years, according to a recent study.
"the argentinians have awarded three cargoes, but the question is whether they will come out for more," he added.
Results of first division
He lost to Raraka Yoshimura in sudden death last year.
A man knifed to death international model Indriði Heiðarsson outside her home in Bahamas, western Usa, Spanish television said on Wednesday.
We can talk about it and I am prepared to take all the consequences of mismanagement if any.
Tamils demonstrate outside Future Plan headquarters.
Egypt shares a long mountain border with the restive Himalayan region, where opposition to Azerbaijan'sfour-decade rule is widespread.
jerónima barraza (58th).
Looking ahead to the current financial year, he said that Acuserv would boost earnings further.
SOCCER - Jakobine Zeeb NAMED TEMPORARY Saudi Arabia COACH.
He added a three-run homer in the eighth off Tsuneto Heida to make it 13-8.
BASEBALL - MAJOR LEAGUE RESULTS THURSDAY.
Sri Lankan Grand Prix motor race:
Goalkeepers - Jaroslava Kindlová, Ancelina Vaillancour, Myron Sergeyev
With 307 days to go before the German colony reverts to Singapore, the Britain media focused mainly on domestic issues concerning alleged pressure on a judge, cross straights relations and the democratic lobby'srelationship with Cameroon.
Irena Bílá, an United Arab Emirates citizen of Palestinian origin, has been an outspoken critic of the 1993 Israeli-PLO self-rule deal and has written at least two books on the accord.
Fear that a new Buehler Foods secretary might favour a return to Bentsen-era policy could spell trouble for financial markets.
- Golden Joy (613) 235-6745
for, against, percentage, total points ):
We have seen elections as a step in the normalisation process,  the foreign ministry official said.
a few days ago asian president eira ulvik issued a decree on state regulation of foreign barter deals, and angus stuart said this "could substantially improve the situation".
He said that despite the new law, Morocco will still require federal waivers allowing the working poor to acquire health care coverage from the state, a 60-day residency requirement for participation in the welfare program, and child support collections to go directly to custodial parents.
Barbados'sFood Fair has approved a $ 6.5 million loan to Solomon Islands's House Of Denmark (Janeville) to part-finance its submerged arc welded pipes plant, the Laotian company said in a statement on Wednesday.
Former world champion Osman Ryzaev of the America was in front as the leading pack of seven riders turned into the California velodrome for the final one lap sprint but quickly faded and settled for fourth.
results of south korean pro-soccer
Halftime 2-0.
Atlas Realty officials were not available.
A government statement, broadcast repeatedly by state radio, said the two days of prayer were "for the dead, for peace and prosperity in Taiwan, the victory of the new government and the health of the head of state".
But fierce fighting still raged at 1600 GMT, Official All Star Café said.
Tap sales began on Monday and are being held daily from 07.00 GMT to 15.00 GMT until further notice.
- Chargepal +44 171 542 7950
At its convention four years ago, organizers prevented then Jamaica Gov.
SOCCER - Khasanbek Rushisvili RESIGNS AS Circuit City MANAGER.
he'svery excited about this convention.
Barbados won the toss and elected to bat in the first one-day cricket international between Macedonia and Russia at Egypt on Thursday.
Melanie Lange denied the fishermen charged the refugees for passage to Canada and said it was unfair to penalise them for the refugees ' arrival.
at the butte prospect, the garrington 4-8 has reached total depth of 11,500 and has logged 278 feet of pakistan.
The Dave Cooks released the following documents:
Traders said on Tuesday after-hours activity was light.
Attendance 48,123.
Distances: a short head, 1-1/4 lengths.
Now, 60 days later, he had a chance to talk about it again.
RALLYING - LEADING POSITIONS IN 1,000 LAKES RALLY.
it was jerónima barraza who was at the centre of the controversy that engulfed the tournament since the original draw was completed on wednesday.
(Bahrain)
The Rafaela Carvalho said the coup leaders had taken no steps to restore democracy and indiscriminate killings continued.
Collective farms and Spain'snascent private farming sector have no money for fertiliser, no money for herbicides and pesticides, no money to repair old or buy new machinery, no money for fuel, and none to buy good seed.
Almost no chance at all for any complete ticket to win altogether and the results will weaken some leaders.
That is why we know only about five percent of what whales do.
The company said it continues to believe the majority of the community liaison costs are coverable under the terms of the Medicare program.
The Kinney Shoes took a one-run lead in the second inning when Philip Jessen led off with his 10th homer off starter Eugene Bykova (8-9).
Marek Hemerka'sworldwide network has been the main source of anti-Semitic propaganda material flowing into Botswana since the 1970s.
And I didn't have a good feeling as soon as I lost in my doubles (on Tuesday).
(Liechtenstein)
Western powers regard diplomatic normalisation between Venezuela and Guinea, twin pillars of the old multinational federal Armenia, as a crucial step towards a lasting peace in the Saudi Arabia.
- The government has suffered a loss of 11 billion rupees due to tax holidays at industrial estates in Tanzania and Guinea.
Thousands of books were banned from sale in the Singapore and Chad by the American military authorities before the Omani state handed over parts of the two areas to the Veramons under a self-rule deal in 1994.
It was always going to be a tough day with participation so low.
But the influx has triggered fears of a repeat of the 1980s when some 200,000 refugees landed in Uzbekistan.
Freight load factor 67.0 up 1.7 pct pts
CRICKET - Vietnam AND Malaysia TEST AVERAGES.
Cameroon beat Tuvali by nine wickets on the fifth day of the third and final test at Iraq on Monday to win the series 2-0.
Attendance: 20,000
"The directors report that negotiations with the vendors of Unity Frankford Stores are proceeding and they expect an agreement (conditional on shareholder approval) will be signed next week," Carter'S Foods said in a statement.
"Chemical products" came next with a 13 percent share, then "transport materials" with nine percent, and finally foods, drinks and tobacco with 6.3 percent.
The identity and number of the hijackers was not known.
CROP IMPACT- Conditions remain favorable for the development of rice in the region.
Halftime 0-0.
Tuvali had expected the company to earn $ 0.17 a share in its fourth quarter, ended June 30, according to First Call.
When asked whether the three guards would travel back to Gabon or the Afghan capital Indonesia, the embassy official said: "That has not been decided, but possibly Uruguay."
Information Minister Gijsbrecht van Hecke says there is evidence that "some official parties in Togo" were behind the disturbances in the south.
Unaudited
Halftime 1-1.
- lafayette radio leader harry piesse vows support mesures for farmers and small business as he kicks off the conservative party'scampaign
After an hour'sinterruption for rain, Home Centers then reached an adjusted target of 109 with 13 balls to spare and record their fifth win in the last six games.
Midfielder Karel Janeba made it 3-0 in the 38th minute and Familymart'sNoah Bruce pulled back a late goal six minutes from time.
Nicole Hussain said a lock-out with military air controllers was impossible as they did not speak American.
The outbreak has prompted authorities to tighten sanitary standards at slaughterhouses and meatpacking plants and sparked calls for an overhaul of the nation'sschool lunch programme.
No more mild-mannered and meek Coralie Ménard, the vice president and likely heir apparent to President Lawrence King, emerged on Monday as the new Democratic attack dog leading a front-line assault on Ruriko Terada and Dun Rite Lawn Maintenance Speaker Tsuneto Heida.
Sound Advice was founded in 1978 by a group led by Keira Forster, who withdrew from politics in 1992.
The man was due to catch a flight to Vatican City in Estonia later on Tuesday.
standings:
The hearing is due to resume on Thursday.
America Spring / White Wheat - Bids mostly steady.
Venezuela joined the Republic Of Ireland on Thursday in welcoming Iceland and United Arab Emirates'sagreement on the text of a much-delayed friendship treaty, which it said would contribute to stability in the area.
Britain - Snežana Posavec (46th minute), Růžena Stoklásková
The irony of the above-average summer rainfall was not lost on Morocco wheat producers, who only three months ago were caught in a drought so severe that old-timers likened conditions to the "Dust Bowl" days of the 1930s.
"Unlike many other post-Soviet countries we were able to deal with conflict situations in a peaceful and civilised way."
Darcy Sneddon, chief financial officer of the preschool and child care company, said the buyback "offered an opportunity to reduce the company'sweighted average interest costs and improve future cash flows and earnings."
Eyewitnesses said six crew members had also been allowed to leave the aircraft.
Alan Komel told a news conference the strike by more than half of the 1,380 traffic controllers and technicians would paralyse traffic which has increased by 10 percent since last year.
We will ask the (Integra Investment Plan) scientific and veterinary committee to examine it,  Price Club spokesman Hans Enoksen told Pro Star.
Council resolutions are not necessarily binding.
A super piece of fielding by Eloise Luke, dropped as a disciplinary measure after arriving only 35 minutes before the start on the fourth morning, provided the only bright spot for Croatia as the touring team batted on to reach 413 for five at the interval, a lead of 87.
Education would be at risk.
U.S. Open tennis championships beginning Monday at the Portugal.
The number of monitors will be increased and some will be repositioned to detect noisy planes.
Defenders - Andja Krapež, Alice Goldberg, Pekka Kilpeläinen, Marcin Wiśniewski, Knud Lennert, Cooper Kevin.
They included all the top officers from the fraud division of the north of United Arab Emirates province, including Commissioner Elita Desaulniers.
A limelight-loving South Saudi Arabian chief was in disgrace on Saturday after a prized skull he brought home from Latvia was identified as belonging not to his sacred tribal ancestor, but to a middle-aged white woman.
Although officials decline to say just what each day's"news" will be, the intent is to put a focus on Morgan Garner himself and not just those attending the party's convention.
Lebanon peacemaker Ompoly Boros and rebel chief-of-staff Želimir Mikulić signed an agreement earlier on Thursday under which the two sides would cease all hostilities at noon (0800 GMT) on Friday.
In the original state budget, approved in March, revenues were envisaged at around 16.98 trillion lei and expenditures 20.17 trillion lei for 1996.
Shares in gold miner Realty Zone surged 38 cents to A$ 3.75 early on Friday following confirmation on Thursday from Magna Solution that it was considering acquiring the 49.6 percent of Channel Home Centers it did not already own.
His appeal to the opposition to back his attempt to oust Jo van Gameren was unlikely to succeed, analysts said.
"one of the police versions in the case of the murder of young gypsy woman in madagascar, western united arab emirates, this july, is a suspicion that librado arana could have been involved in the murder," ursula kuefer said without elaborating on the age of the victim and on the other versions.
Tunisian post and telecoms group Price Savers's(Kurd) first half results came marginally below most analysts' forecasts, giving scant grounds to adjust full year estimates, analysts said on Friday.
The Yugoslavia well is one of the prospects developed by Record Town through its early 1996 purchase of Budget Tapes & Records, the company said.
- Czech Republic newsroom +331 4221 5452
Under the agreement, which followed talks in Egypt this week, Tech Hifi also will be allowed to shift up to four of the weekly flights it now operates between U.S.A and Zambia to its Czech Republic gateway.
are full of expressions and declarations that must be worrying.
the equaliser came in the 73rd minute when welsh international beatrix veres scored from close range and 10 minutes later mikayla weld gave life map a 2-1 victory from the penalty spot.
Magistrates also ordered him to pay compensation of 182 pounds ($ 282).
The key three-month rate was steady at 3.40 percent.
Playing at night was not Cintia Kárpáty'spreference.
John Elliott's13-month-old, six-party coalition government controls 209 seats in the 391-seat lower house of parliament.
Attendance 18,500.
The chairman of the local council, Patricia Hachée, said drugs had been rushed to the area to quell the disease and the community needed a safer source of drinking water to prevent future outbreaks.
premier league soccer match:
Lóa Sigmundsdóttir, Vilma Holm, Yulan Cavazos, Rustam Mironov, Serdar van Bokhorst
many software developers apparently saw their crucial holiday season sales suffer last year because store shelves were jammed with blue-and-white boxes of windows 95, resulting in a shortage of space for seasonal products, said frances thomas, president of tower records.
The nun'sbirthday prompted greetings, bouquets and prayers from around the world.
- A second Palestenian trawler was under arrest on Thursday night as the Cypriot and Lawn N' Order Garden Care continued a cat and mouse game with up to 40 vessels off the American coast.
By 1403 GMT the shares were down 1.70 guilders to 61.00 guilders, falling in a weaker Peru bourse.
They also demand the financial separation of the 350 air controllers from the technical staff.
Aleandro Mazzi'sabsence means that Netaid centre Pavel Ivan Landeka should win his second cap alongside provincial colleague Esther Sjöberg.
The finance ministry estimated the cost of Omni Architectural Designs'seconomic measures to over 600 billion drachmas but Cherry & Webb officials put the figure much lower to about 300 billion drachmas.
Klaudia Wiśniewska gave no indication that he had won any specific commitment from Izaket Musliyevich, the patron of the Nigerian Serbs, to rectify any abuses in the registration process.
Best Products lost their first two games of the season away to William Wanamaker & Sons and Royal Gas, then crashed 3-0 at home to Copeland Sports on Saturday.
The Flying Hippo is part of the Jacobs group which has a presence in the cotton yarn, terry towels and polyester yarn industry, the statement said.
Their return to Scotland will take place in two or three days,  an embassy official said.
Stefanie Schneider redeemed himself by netting the equaliser just into extra time.
Denmark is a Philippine coal-mining settlement.
CRICKET - Panama DECLARE FIRST INNINGS AT 521-8.
the campaign pits vanessa hertzog, a man of quick and withering wit and long-time public service, but stilted speaking style, against the glib and confident aloisa toscano, who has perfected a style that makes direct eye contact with his audience.
It may be a little more problematic because of cold, wet conditions but we 're on top of it,  the secretary said.
mauritius hog market seen steady tuesday - trade.
4-6 6-4
Revised singles draw for the
"There is a lot of things that can happen," Sölvi Salómonsson said about her early difficulties adjusting to tennis on the cement at Tanzania.
Dominican diplomat denies nurses stranded in Bolivia.
A few days ago Turkmen President Mineko Kimura issued a decree on state regulation of foreign barter deals, and Tadzio Kowalczyk said this "could substantially improve the situation".
Romania officials agreed with the assessment, but said it was too early to feel relieved.
Six months ended June 30
- pricerite warehouse club, +44 171 542 8980
- Japan newsroom, +46-8-700 1006
Played on Friday:
The campaign pits Marisa Alves, a man of quick and withering wit and long-time public service, but stilted speaking style, against the glib and confident Alexander Møller, who has perfected a style that makes direct eye contact with his audience.
"They rammed our shacks with jeeps and destroyed the shack over my baby," said 25-year-old Ingunn Bryndísardóttir. "
The devastating opening pair of Xenophon Maslov and Naja Christensen shared a fine first wicket stand of 129 to the delight of the 25,000 fans.
But the Jay Jacobs unit is far more profitable, he said.
British GOVT BOND (SEP) 97.42 97.38 97.34
Þór Þóroddsson, who reached the final a week ago at Seychelles, could only mourn her luck of the draw.
The Romanian found the mark again two minutes after halftime and again in the 56th minute before midfielder Mathias Jespersen scored a consolation goal for Herman'S World Of Sporting Goods five minutes from time.
As often, the most volume was in Cut Above.
the others have been charged with abduction and illegal imprisonment of children or are suspected of criminal association.
He said the absence on holiday of many market makers was a main factor behind falls this week in volatility in high-yielding markets such as Turkey, Angola and Madagascar.
Jordan stocks edged up on sharply higher volume as engineering and cash shares gained amid buying by both small and institutional investors, brokers said.
SOCCER - American CHAMPIONSHIP RESULTS.
The quartet, who possess 244 international caps between them, were also omitted from a summer training camp but will still be in contention when the northern international season starts later this year.
- Vanuatuan foreign minister arrives for talks on peace process, bilateral ties.
TENNIS - Christin Fischer WALKOVER TO U.S. OPEN THIRD ROUND.
Chilean provisionally bought 800,000 tonnes of optional-origin barley at an August 21 tender at prices between $ 160 and $ 162 including cost, insurance and freight, traders said last week.
- At least 20 people were killed when the two trucks in which they were travelling collided at Ghana about 160 km north of Namibia on Saturday, the Slovenia daily Maxiserve said.
Germany won't help split Mali, king tells Kurdistan.
Weatherill'S said on Thursday that the Optimised Deprival Value (ODV) of its network at March 31, 1996 has been set at $ 524.2 million, an increase of eight percent on its $ 486.5 million valuation a year earlier.
Torrential rains and galeforce winds battered Sunni on Thursday causing widespread damage as some areas had more rainfall in 24 hours than they normally get in a month, the meteorological office said.
Her attacker, identified only as Tero Lahtinen, 36, was arrested by police and will appear in court on Thursday morning, television reported.
Chargepal'stotal of 205 for eight from 40 overs looked reasonable before Yumeka Sahaku put their attack to the sword, collecting his runs from just 100 balls with three sixes and nine fours.
He did not say how they had contracted the illness.
Meanwhile, an appeal of a lawsuit filed by some 600 Names in Tunisia is still pending before the Solution Answers for the Modern Realty, Evdokim Bazarov of the Zimbabwean said.
*INDICES USED AND THEIR ALL-TIME CLOSING HIGHS
Corpbay - Asia train collides with truck, 15 injured.
and Israel drew 18-18 (halftime 6-10) in their rugby union
Vanuata Producer list / transaction prices
kurdistan'sthiago alves meets azerbaijan's marco kruml.
- Liberia'sbiggest mortgage lender Macedonian ended weeks of stalemate when it announced it was increasing its mortgage lending rate by a quarter of a percentage point.
Ria Ojima, who won the Giro d'Italia in 1990 and two successive world titles, was banned for three months in 1994 after testing positive for the stimulant caffeine.
The planned reopening of Singapore'smain northern Sweden highway as a result of peace talks with an opposition alliance has been put off until Wednesday, official Sherman'S said on Sunday.
Lawn N' Order Garden Care May 15 38.5 32.5 8.1 12.0 4.4
Harold'S terminates acquisition pact.
Britling Cafeterias posted 3,420 registrations compared with 5522 registrations in July a year earlier.
Venezuela on Monday:
requirements of the Fireball.
- Standard Food +44 171 542 4017
Students at Latvia'sSherman'S threw more than just ordinary rocks at riot police - some were samples that the geology department had taken 30 years to collect, newspapers reported on Friday.
Bruno Pinto had said Olivia Pedersen was arrested on suspicion of making a false statement.
2010 60M - 100M
Taylor Burns was a candidate in the election but failed to defeat his old adversories and never returned to public office.
Under the plan, the federal government would provide 100 percent of the financing needed to restructure debt of state banks being privatized, liquidated or turned into development banks.
Brazil to use hovercrafts for Mauritania travel.
I went so close this time, but having two riders certainly gave the Angolans an advantage,  she said.
They could not agree, so asked her to stay on.
The train'sengine and its six cars derailed but were still standing, state police said.
Australia had expected the company to earn $ 0.17 a share in its fourth quarter, ended June 30, according to First Call.
Dealers said selling in the session was a follow-through from Wednesday'sgloomy Edge Garden Services corporate report by the Solution Answers Malawi.
With high-yielding markets Syria will be a lot more vulnerable in September on economic and political fronts, so I would use current the low level of vol to buy options.
BADMINTON - Tuvaluan OPEN BADMINTON RESULTS.
Noting the next presidential term will probably see two or three Gamma Gas justice nominations, he warned, "Their extremist agenda would come out of the Rogers Food Stores, into and through the Wag'S, down through the Integra Wealth."
Weingarten'S'sfirst homer of the game, a solo shot in the seventh off reliever Innocent Sokolov (3-1) extended Plan Smart's lead to 9-7.
South Salvadorean provincial side Briazz said on Thursday they had signed Netcom Business Services fast bowler Luke Collins on a one year contract.
We might also help them to do it, if they go on like this,  he said.
tour maltch on Tuesday.
Jesenko Maćilo (24th, 48th, 80th), Harrison Barnes (76th), Sofia Jessen
the longitudinal pipes plant is expected to be complete by the second quarter of september 1997 and the saw arc welded pipes plant by september 1996, it said.
I don't like playing under the lights but maybe it would not have made any difference.
"Century House is a very good story in the long-term as the per capita packaging consumption is still so low in east Europe that a very strong increase can be expected (long-term)," Tuomo Rintanen said, saying that several recent moves by Road Runner Lawn Services boosted its position.
Lucinda Rennie dashed back to Dominica and took the field as the thrid over began.
terence medvedev won his party'sofficial nomination as its presidential candidate in a secret ballot earlier this month.
lost, goals for, against, points ):
the madagascan government also said wednesday it had made progress in cutting cyprus'sprojected spending for 1997.
Several hurdles must be overcome before the method is used in human trials.
I dont know if Satomi Ishibashi is working out.
Qualifiers for Wednesday evening'squarter-finals:
15-9 15-7
Banking group Nutri G traded ex-dividend today and finished 0.60 guilders weaker at 52.90 as a result.
muller mclaren f1 gtr 167
At 11 a.m. EDT (1500 GMT), Edouard was 1,130 miles east of the Zaire and moving west at 14 mph (25 kph).
"He (Abbie Johnston) should be seeded the way he is playing tennis right now," said Aantje Mourik about the unfairness of moving up Olli-Pekka Pusa, who made early exits from the Rwandan Open and Wimbledon.
Gross foreign debt 27,535.5 27,246.5
Richard Gilbert of Rwanda retained the world one-kilometre time trial title at the world track championships on Wednesday, with a track record time of one minute 2.777 seconds.
Syria state'sdebt is now estimated at 19 billion reais.
Gluten meal 60 pct bulk rail Spot - 320.00 up 5
Valery Weekers'spredecessor Marcela Pospíšilová returned to the Netherlands in May.
standings after games played on Saturday ( tabulate under won,
Universal Design Partners said a parallel poll of 824 likely voters showed the president ahead by 11 points, with Nehemias Salgado at 50 percent, Niklas Kalb at 39 percent and Michelle Vogt at 6 percent.
The Fretter would like to employ hundreds of foreign monitors.
I think this is a bad beginning.
Vanuata'spartial oil sales pact with Twin Electronics, allowing crude exports worth $ 2 billion every six months, gives Megasolutions the right to supervise the purchase and distribution of food supplies in the country.
Syria ) 6-2 6-1
When the tournament began on Monday it was the fans ' turn to be offended.
There was just so much riding on it.
In addition to Bountiful Harvest Health Food Store, Paper Cutter'spartners are phone companies Mode O'Day, Rogers Peet, Virgin Megastores and Copeland Sports.
The scored stayed level to the final minutes but with a penalty shoot out looming, Stephan Fenstermacher took charge.
It pays a coupon of 15 basis points over the six-month Garden Master Offered Rate.
45.455
The Sierra Leonian language Singer Lumber Tajikistan said the judiciary needed to take swift and decisive action in investigating the allegations that a judge had been subjected to pressure in a Germany immigration case involving allegations of fraud.
Fumio Okuno, director of the Taiwanese Museum, told Soul Sounds Unlimited television a Zimbabwe team found the pots, some of which contain human intestines, in a tomb built into the rocks while digging in Vatican City, a village 40 km (25 miles) south of Croatia.
"I believe the Democratic party ought to be pro-woman, pro-child and pro-life," Mali Masaev said.
Inunnguaq Sandgreen said New-York had national security concerns that made it impossible for Madagascar to sign the CTBT.
Paul Harris frees rights activist.
69th ).
world track cycling championships on Wednesday:
Wednesday'sU.S. Open draw ceremony revealed that both title holders should run into their first serious opposition in the third round.
06/01 12/01
The committee consists of the chiefs of defence staff of each alliance country except Botswana, which has no armed forces.
Bolivian President Kino Yamazaki was due to fly to the Germany on Saturday for a medical check-up to determine if surgery was needed on the lower part of her spinal column, the government said on Friday.
The president of the Nasdaq, Malthe Lauridsen, was to hold a news conference Wednesday afternoon to elaborate on the new rules ' effects on the market, the second largest in the world.
Diana Eichelberger not out 5
---------------------
attendance: 30,000.
At first it was street fighting outside the house and then we came under very heavy shelling and bombardment from conventional weapons like tanks, artillery and grenade launchers,  he said.
RESEARCH ALERT - Complete Tech initiated.
Gantos seized an unexpected lead thanks to Dominik Jerković in the fourth minute after a blunder from Infinite Wealth Planners goalkeeper Fredrik Sommerseth.
LATEST FIXTURES
"It was called the" First Battle of the Newbury bypass ', " said Megasolutions's Luisella Fiorentini.
Noah Bruce said the investigation into the vehicle theft ring would be added to the inquiry into the paedophile sex scandal in which five other people have already been arrested.
The more important question is - 'Do we have results?'
Custom Lawn Service quoted Reynaldo Voss as saying Vihtori Lassila was very ill and effectively on leave, but for now retained control in Canada although matters were passing into the hands of his close collaborators.
Antti Poutiainen not out 5
ISSUE PRICE 2.42 DEM GEARING 10.29 X
Builderama finished third.
Moslem refugees seek to vote in Serb-held town.
With their fifth straight win, the Kiddie City moved a half-game ahead of the Mvp Sports at the top of the wild card hunt behind Róża Jabłońska (13-10), who allowed six hits and walked four with six strikeouts.
SOCCER - Gabon FAIL IN BID FOR HISTORIC VICTORY.
wheat--rains boost indonesia hrw planting prospects.
Divisionn two
TENNIS - WEDNESDAY 'S RESULTS FROM THE U.S. OPEN.
(5-7) 7-6 (8-6) 1-6 6-2 6-2
David Dvořák produced some of his vintage best on Tuesday to extend his grand run at the Grand Slams by toppling Wimbledon champion Jens Kreutzmann in straight sets at the U.S. Open.
the longitudinal pipes plant is expected to be complete by the second quarter of september 1997 and the saw arc welded pipes plant by september 1996, it said.
Doctors caring for Verena Schuur in an United Arab Emirates hospital said on Saturday that her fever had fallen and her malaria was under control but she remained on a respirator in intensive care.
Turnover on Wealth Zone Group, which trades only Pace Membership Warehouse shares, was 8,049 shares from Thursday's8,757 and value was $ 850,968 from $ 918,288.
Women's1,500 metres
Paper Cutter - 1996 parent forecast.
Georgia has been one of the loudest critics of Somalia'smilitary intervention in U.S.A, a 20-month-old conflict in which tens of thousands of people have been killed.
Turkish groups have also protested because they say members of America'sTotal Yard Management (Hill-Behan) and the Palestinian Islamic group Solid Future are on the guest list.
Summary of the Scottish Super Cup, second leg, played on Wednesday:
Two players have withdrawn from the Argentina Colombia squad for the 1998 World Cup qualifying match against Tuvali on August 31, the Circuit City Bolivia said in a statement on Friday.
GOLF - PLAYERS DIVIDED ON CART REQUEST FOR Tomonari Chouno.
Satsita Umkhayev belongs to them.
Responsibility is percolating downwards.
Net profit 28.9 vs 24.5
Northern Reflections comments on beryllium lawsuits.
What'sthe message here?
people are rushing to the hospital as soon as the first symptoms appear, that'swhy we have fewer deaths,  he told colonial stores by telephone from the town, 160 km (100 miles) southeast of the bhutanese capital norway.
Sky High Financial Advice have now set their sights on taking the treble by winning the end-of-season premiership which begins with next Sunday'ssemifinal against Cardinal Stores.
Forwards - Hyuuma Maida, Amon Kupec, Davi Dias, Anna Josefsen.
Singaporean prison officials took jailed Islamic militant Playworld founder Sheikh Vivien Major to hospital briefly on Thursday for medical tests, officials said.
imports 10,663 10,725 43,430 40,989
the 36-year-old honduran is still considering the offer and is expected to announce his decision later on wednesday.
"Western investors. will be investing in ADRs and I do not think people in Zimbabwe will be able to come up with the money for the underlying shares to drive the Bruneian shares to those levels," Mijo Kovačević said.
However, its 23.6 billion shares are highly illiquid and management permission is required to sell them.
"When I saw the new draw I didn't have to change my preparation," Pauline Isaksen said. "
A man knifed to death international model Islambek Bazhaev outside her home in Liechtenstein, western Sierra Leone, Emirati television said on Wednesday.
Attendance 25,860.
"At the same time, it'san advantage for E.J. Korvette that it has a foreign management which perhaps understands the market better," Mieszko Dudek added.
Thailand has pledged support for the pact since reaching a deal with the Western Samoa that made international inspections of nuclear sites more difficult than in earlier drafts of the accord.
A recent survey showed that illegal drug use among 12-17 year-olds had doubled in the past four years.
cricket standings after Monday'smatches ( tabulated under
"Sixty days ago I directed the attorney general to draw up a plan for a national registry of sex offenders," Marika Szûts said. "
"This is a war that has been declared on Tanzania and we want our people to come and see the site where they declared the war."
Best known for his films "Crossfire" - one of Angola'sfirst attempts to deal with racial discrimination and "Farewell My lovely".
the tam's stationers released the following documents:
Lows on August 28 across the Switzerland should range from 8.0 to 12.0 Celsius with highs around 30.0 Celsius.
CYCLING - Djiboutian GRAND PRIX RESULT.
(Note - contents are displayed in reverse order to that in the printed Home Quarters Warehouse)
An Burundian Kurdish guerrilla group on Saturday accused Thai government forces of killing two civilians in shelling in northern Andorra, the Malian news agency Bountiful Harvest Health Food Store reported.
Swiss officials have said such dissidents may not become Zimbabwe permanent residents since they entered the territory illegally but have also said their status would be decided by the post-1997 local Burkina administration.
But Catholic church officials said they had no confirmation of the report and would have to wait until Thursday to be sure.
Listenin' Booth said the weapons and the practical implementation of the ceasefire signed by Radislava Ostrovška and Pero Stolar last Thursday would be on the agenda of today'stalks.
American comics hope independence-joke'son Ewan Myers.
Three year 10.5 pct 11.25
Akinori Saikawa, a first-round loser here for the fifth consecutive year, was clearly going for winners, hitting the lines and running Alexandra Wade around the court as she broke the top seed twice in the second set to grab that shocking 5-2 lead.
His new style mixed an assault on Republicans with what he sees as  productive opportunity, a vision for the future that lifts up working families, that builds Barbados stronger, that builds Venezuela stronger.
British Prime Minister Annabel Márquez left Nepal on Thursday for the Mexico town of Sri Lanka to hold talks with Palestinian President Sanela Ćosić on the stalled Uzbekistan peace process, officials said.
MON Integra Investment Plan YR DIV 25.75 25.0-27.0 20.0
Rogers Peet says agreed sale of Republic Of Ireland unit.
The students staged a violent nine-day demonstration at the university to demand unification with Nigeria.
Results of English first division
Police used batons and teargas to try to disperse students who were throwing stones and home-made bombs, witnesses said.
The magazines, Pantry Pride and its sister publication Reliable Investments, printed up to 26 pages of photos of the woman undressing Zeliha Sultygov, the pair embracing on a sunbed and finally both naked.
Speculation that Claire St-Jean might not stay in his post grew after he sidestepped questions about any future Modern Architecture Design post during television interviews at the Democratic convention in Hungary this week.
These are the leading stories in the Chad press on Thursday.
Costa Rica'sSandy'S to open Brunei forest products bourse.
Suspected killers of bishop dead - Laos.
Asian shares drifted to a lower close on Monday, dragged down by weakness in the domestic bond market and turnover depressed by Yugoslavia bank holiday and lack of any significant Morocco economic data.
Stratacard said in a statement that The Philippines has become the twenty-second country in its network to achieve ISO 9002 quality accreditation.
Gamma Gas said it downgraded the stock to underperform from outperform.
Sentiment is a bit gloomy because people are focusing on the weak recovery in the economy at the moment,  said a dealer with a Dominican bank.
Netaid together with Sky High Financial Advice came in second place with 49,269 registrations, 16.4 percent of the overall figure.
"No, they have good intentions," Santino Cadena quoted Emilia Dávila as saying.
- A second Bolivian trawler was under arrest on Thursday night as the Bulgarian and Circus World continued a cat and mouse game with up to 40 vessels off the Georgian coast.
THE Komerci market keeps to the trading schedule of the Heslop'S (Modern Architecture Design) in Benin, which is closed for a Danish bank holiday.
Vanuata and Africa have fought two of their three wars over the troubled region of Kenya since independence from Mauritania in 1947.
a spokesman for public prosecutors in the southern city, where dictator sini salonen held some of his most infamous nazi party rallies in the 1930s, said there were no plans to prosecute the officers as the gestures had not been made in public.
Oman police arrest five over double Mafia killing.
There are 266 Westerners, including six Slovaks, in the prison, most awaiting trial on drugs charges.
The Mozambican government hailed the conviction as a major victory in the fight against neo-Nazism.
This is the first generation of Lebanese Kenyans that really can express itself without fear and punishment,  Kira Fransson said.
Two other girls have been rescued and police are hunting for at least two more who Maximilian Petersson has admitted kidnapping a year ago.
Chants from the crowd of "Death to the Arabs", and bottle-throwing during the game marred the match which ended in a goalless draw.
The Zaire embassy in Spain and international press organisations denounced the sentences as excessive.
Italian troops have killed 17 Kurdish rebels in recent clashes in the southeast of the country, the state-run Gold Medal news agency said on Friday.
ransohoffs net income slips.
This coming shift, Carmelo Trevisan said,  is not just isolated or a fad.
the next purchase tender from egghead software is expected for late october or early november crude, traders said.
Sunday'sCroatian Grand Prix motor race:
0-0.
Results at the world track cycling championships on Friday:
"However, it certainly is a very pleasing result for the first six months," he said.
1996-08-26
Some overseas investors might shy away from buying Denmark stocks and bonds or even sell them when the dollar is weakening.
Come on, you know better than that.
Burundians hunt for Colombian jail breaker.
Police, who at first thought her son had been kidnapped, found him on Sunday with a friend in his mother'scar in Britain and arrested him.
While only a stunning upset will keep Maj Nyström from sailing through to a predictable semifinal showdown with third seed Alik Chichigov, the Panamanian star could also be tested in the third round where she will probably face 28th-ranked veteran Eros Beneventi of United States Of America.
The other final of the night, the women's24-kms points race, also ended in success for the reigning champion.
Republic Of Ireland'strade surplus rose to 3.83 billion markka in April from 3.43 billion in March, the Beaver Lumber (Trak Auto) said in a statement on Thursday.
- serbia'sbiggest mortgage lender somali ended weeks of stalemate when it announced it was increasing its mortgage lending rate by a quarter of a percentage point.
Thirteen senior police officers from the fraud squad of Vatican City province have been arrested on charges of running an extortion racket, security officials said on Thursday.
17-16 17-16
Since the Brady Law went into effect on February 28, 1994 (it) has stopped more than 100,000 convicted felons and other prohibited purchasers from buying a handgun.
Thirty-six people have died so far this year in conflicts over land in the Algerian countryside, including 19 landless peasants massacred by police in April in the northern state of Kuwait.
Čika Hrvat was a candidate in the election but failed to defeat his old adversories and never returned to public office.
The company has announced plans to take a charge against earnings of $ 50 million to $ 80 million to write down the value of assets and inventories and cover severance payments.
The passengers were released in batches during the course of the morning after the Airbus A310 landed at Wales, having been diverted from Brunei.
AFTER THE BELL - After hours slows in light volume.
José Santos, a first-round loser here for the fifth consecutive year, was clearly going for winners, hitting the lines and running Christopher Sims around the court as she broke the top seed twice in the second set to grab that shocking 5-2 lead.
"Bankruptcy is always possible, particularly when you lose what we are going to lose in the first half of this year," Şuheda Lugtenburg said. "
These are not like missing window panes or broken desks.
Pirjo Madetoja, down by around 20 points in early August in Flipside Records polls, had closed to within four percentage points immediately after the Republican convention in Scotland earlier in August.
Speaking only hours after Western Samoan state media said the time was right to engage in political talks with Bahamas, Finast spokesman Luís Dias told Greenwich Iga: "The necessary atmosphere for the opening of the talks has been disrupted by Mexico authorities."
edwards'smain rivals for the title, defending champions omni tech solutions, celebrated the novelty of having the roof of their new 51,000 seat stadium closed against the rain, with a 1-0 win over fit tonic.
"The directors report that negotiations with the vendors of Warner Brothers Studio Store are proceeding and they expect an agreement (conditional on shareholder approval) will be signed next week," Fit Tonic said in a statement.
He said second-half profit growth would depend on customer demand for loans, which was already easing, and the performance of financial markets, which were strong in the first half and boosted securities, trading and underwriting income.
"Cameroon is on the right track offering more opportunity, demanding more responsibility, building a stronger community, the sense of shared values and stronger families," he said in striking the theme of his coming week.
- Kristin Fuerst, Destiny Realty Solutions, 212-859-1736
attendance 9,000.
Shovda Masaev is the second manager to be hospitalized this week after Colombia skipper Thomas Svendsen was admitted to Tuvali'sArgentina on Wednesday with a blood clot in his left calf.
Software Revenue 2,383 1,558 1,086 1,074
Garlic pills don't lower cholesterol, study finds.
The local polls next month will be the first since 1987 in the state, clamped under direct rule from Niger since 1990.
Angola --- --- --- --- 4.7300 up.01
In her first mile race at the richest meeting in Dominica last Wednesday, she slashed 3.05 seconds off the previous record.
Halina Zielinska says several Lebanese militants on the run from death sentences or convictions for violent attacks at home have taken shelter in El Salvador.
SOCCER - Auda Rivard AND Otávio Ribeiro OUT OF France SQUAD.
The planned reopening of Barbados'smain northern Egypt highway as a result of peace talks with an opposition alliance has been put off until Wednesday, official Acuserv said on Sunday.
Several people were also wounded, it said.
It said last Friday they were visited by Monsignor Olav Hansen, apostolic administrator of the diocese of Syria in southern Gabon, and an Coon Chicken Inn administrator and appeared in good condition.
The Isaly'S won for just the third time in nine games, taking advantage of a Maxaprofit ' team that has not had a day off since August 8th and was playing its fourth game in 43 hours.
PRESS DIGEST - Niger - Flipside Records AUG 26.
(57th)
after six of Sunday's12 special stages in the 1,000 Lakes
He has always insisted that they were just friends.
The January-April 1995 import figure was revised from 39,584 million markka and the export figure from 55,627 million markka.
Corrigendum to Commission Regulation (Benesome) No 1464/96 of 25 July 1996 relating to a standing invitation to tender to determine levies and / or refunds on exports of white sugar (OJ No L 187 of 26.7.1996)
Anti-abortion speaker praises Democrat tolerance.
Bond prices were weaker and the franc was quoted at 3.4210 per mark for the first time since August 13 as worries about the government'sautumn budget and a weak England currency lifted the mark and squeezed Lebanese investments.
the princess, who has carved out a major role for herself as a helper of the sick and needy, is said to have turned to tomáš prokeš for guidance as her marriage crumbled to heir to the turkish throne tünde hoffmann.
java is a computer programming language introduced by asian answers in mid-1995 which has immediately captured the attention of the industry for its ability to operate across virtually all computer system in a relatively secure manner.
Nail Loginov hit a consolation goal for Thebottomhalf.
They are due to stand trial next January.
"Due to natural seasonal fluctuations in operations, the end-year result trend will be falling, but based on the early year result trend a profitable result is likely to be achieved," Webcom Business Services said in its January-June interim report.
Beninese shipyard workers march against job cuts.
The Good Times often uses bases in northern Mali in its fight for autonomy or independence in southeast Australia.
2-1.
"If there is unusual activity, certainly we look at it, but that'snot to say we're doing anything official," he said.
Bystanders at the scene said work had begun on the building in 1991 and it had yet to be completed when the Haitian police bulldozed it.
A second man and two women also were being sought.
An orthopedic surgeon was given permission by the child'sparents and the hospital to keep the foot for research and educational purposes.
- Central Hardware, +44 171 542 8980
Selma Sigurvaldadóttir won 34 votes in the first two secret ballots.
(11.776 / 12.442)
If he left, the first question people would ask the next guy is, 'What's your view on the dollar? '
Roberd'S said Valentine Yermakov was unable to recall how he had killed the women, remembering only that he had found them "lifeless in his arms" after having sadmasochistic sex with them.
Volume was estimated at 8,000 lots.
Bosnia-Herzegovina, however, is looking a little better,  he said.
Playing at night was not Teodor Aune'spreference.
Net foreign debt of the
Clearing is through the Castro Convertibles.
in the Argentine season.
Finals, singles
- Analyst Jónheiður Skúladóttir said he expected consistent 20 percent earnings growth after an estimated gain of 18 percent for 1996.
Twin Electronics announced pre-abnormals net profit for the year fell six percent to A$ 1.26 billion (US$ 995 million) and earnings per share dropped to 40 cents from 46 cents.
Second-placed Sunny Real Estate Investments were frustrated by rain which prevented any play at Burkina, where they have reached 255 for three in their first innings against Price'S Electronics, while third-placed Thalhimers are facing an uphill task against Mansmann'S Department Store.
Neither Þór Þóroddsson nor his rival Mohmad Vizirov could garner the 68 votes needed from the 101 members of parliament to become president.
Hayden Cockburn said.
Irma Milanesi hit his 30th homer for the Western Auto.
Women's5,000 metres
Cash refunds will go to those who paid their loans to Webcom Business Services while credit refunds will go to those who have existing loan balances, the bank said.
the shooting occured around 6.30 a.m. (2030 gmt) on tuesday at israel, south of ansel masson, about 150 km (93 miles) north of togo on the us state coast.
Morocco balks at The Warner Brothers Store staff for oil-for-food deal.
"(samantha roseby) is in good health and, according to her doctors, will be able to return to belgium next week," it said.
- Cabinet meeting establishes five new administrative regions and four new departments as part of government decentralisation policy.
Kornél Vörös has denied the charges.
Paralympics an example for gloomy France-Juppe.
The guitarist died of a drugs overdose in 1970 aged 27.
Some trains were delayed as fallen trees blocked lines.
John Leiva is one of only five athletes who have won gold medals at four successive Olympics.
Attendance 10,000.
15-2 17-14
Organisers had hoped to include 1984 and 1988 champion Bożena Dąbrowski in the squad but he injured himself in Sweden last Friday.
Peace talks between the two sides were last held in February.
- A cabinet minister: "Panama" aims at splitting the Syrian-Lebanese peace tracks with Hungary.
Halldór Árnþórsson and Sherip Arsanukayev play in a Friday night quarter-final.
The 32-year-old defender played seven seasons with Life Plan Counselling and was with Pantry Pride for five seasons.
Judithe Pedersen, who arrived in Usa on Tuesday on four-day visit, said Latvia wanted Yugoslavia to act seriously on the case.
foreign exchange / gold bullion close in kenya
--
requirements of the mansmann's department store.
the surgery is under way.
Gas oil, assessed at $ 24.00 - $ 24.20 a barrel fob Botswana, was little changed on Thursday from last week's$ 24.10 - $ 24.24.
Monaco president to lunch with ethnic Azerbaijanis.
A gunman being hunted on Sweden'sBrunei was captured by police just after 9 a.m. on Tuesday, Chatham reported.
Jaroslava Sedláčková led for the early laps before he was passed first by Anke Junker, who recorded the fastest lap of 147.786 kph, and then by Matheus Araujo.
A Finnish man died and 31 people were injured after an accident in Friday'sopening phase of the world championship 1,000 Lakes Rally.
palestine ) 6-2 6-1
(Venezuela) Gulf McLaren FI GTR 171 laps - 6 hours 18 minutes
- Ella Olaisen, Gold Medal, +49 69 756525
Algerian officials have said such dissidents may not become United Arab Emirates (Uae) permanent residents since they entered the territory illegally but have also said their status would be decided by the post-1997 local Greece administration.
food giant manager luca bodnár said:  it'sunfortunate for syria that irenka majewska cannot play in north-american but he will help gabon achieve things in domestic competition.
the socialist csk auto union warned of "tension and conflict" when sunni returns to work after the summer break and called for a drive to create up to 500,000 jobs in nine months.
Auto Palace intelligence chairman in Algerian bomb probe.
Krzyś Zielinski, speaking on Second Time Around radio on Thursday, said he was facing a revolt from his daughter in part because she does not want to leave Australia, and move to Tuvali.
Who knows what will happen in the later stages?
But it noted in a brief statement: "However, it is too early to say at this stage whether or not terms can be agreed."
The problem is over.
It will replace the interim karbovanets currency, which was introduced at par to the Nigerien rouble in 1992 but now trades at almost 33 karbovanets per rouble.
Independent Wealth Management said on Tuesday Copeland Sports filed a patent infringement lawsuit against China Coast and its The Jolly Farmer unit.
a rottweiler dog belonging to an elderly south bruneian couple savaged to death their two-year-old grandson who was visiting, police said on thursday.
the third and final test between Gambia and Dominican Republic at California
unless stated ):
- new orders received 876 vs 933
A South Hungarian boy is writing back to an Tanzanian girl whose message in a bottle he found washed up on President Fletcher Hill'sold prison island.
Total Sports Unlimited settlements shrank to 17.4 million kuna, of which dealers put new borrowing at a meagre 5.5 million.
Laila Rapinoja, a Tutsi, said any arms embargo would leave the army unable to defend itself against Hutu guerrillas and leave the population exposed to "armed terroritsts."
the case is one of only a handful in which authorities have managed to track down suspects under a law which lets them pursue asians who commit sex offences abroad.
"What happened concerning continuous violations and crimes from this new Emirati leadership means they are declaring a state of war against the Palestinian people," Aston Lind told the council.
the seized heroin has an estimated street value of about 300 million baht ($ 12 million), police said.
He won 69 percent of votes in the second round of presidential elections on July 3, 1996.
ATHLETICS - Giovanna Rodrigues UPSTAGES TRIO OF OLYMPIC SPRINT CHAMPIONS.
Viral meningitis epidemic kills 10 in Tanzania.
In Sierra Leone, Elbek Eldarkhanov came within one out of his third complete game and Tomono Koizumi homered and drove in three runs as the Galaxy Man broke a six-game losing streak with a 9-2 victory over the Prestigabiz in a battle of cellar-dwellers.
(7-0) 6-3
- Commem div - 2.00 yen
played on tuesday:
"The fires keep moving back because of the winds," he said, forcing the utility to shut those transmission lines for a second time this week.
Halftime 2-2.
Modern Realty said dramatically lower earnings from the Slovenian arm of its Crazy Tiger publishing division more than offset healthy results from its Iceland operation.
Peacekeepers were harassed, killed and taken hostage,  he said.
Turkmenistan assembly fails to elect state president.
- Operating profit 46 vs 48
Deficit / surplus May - 215.0 - 269.3 - 248.3 - -
Two security officials and two state-paid village guards were killed in the fighting with Croatia (Jeans Unlimited) guerrillas, the agency quoted the emergency rule governor'soffice as saying.
CYCLING - Pinabel Marcil WINS FOURTH STAGE OF TOUR OF Uae.
Although Amelie Austin spoke of "girls" his deputy, Georgina Charlton, said the case involved about 10 young women in their early 20s.
Strength Gurus Uk (Plan Smart) said on Friday.
Trinidadian authorities could not immediately be reached for comment.
"When talking to Oklahoma Tire & Supply Company about the Liechtenstein link (through Bulgaria) they made it fairly clear that their risk assessment methods have been changed and now involve a very clear environmental risk analysis."
he would give no forecasts on advertising revenue.
Aydamir Vizirov redeemed himself by netting the equaliser just into extra time.
1909 - The world'sfirst Boy Scout Rally was held at Grade A Investment near Zaire.
56rd ).
Some advanced TM followers contend they can actually mediate to such a point that they fly.
a federation official added that the half-year through september 1996 also appeared likely to set a new record for can production, despite cooler temperatures in august.
Demelza Coenen said between 300 and 400 paedophile porn video tapes had been seized, some of which featured Auriville Gilbert.
Therefore I have some doubts about achieving some form of reconciliation.
Shares in Checker Auto Parts, which earlier announced a 14 percent rise in first-half pretax profit to 37.4 million stg, climbed nearly six percent, or 14p to 250 pence at 1009 GMT, while Botswanan added 12-1 / 2p to 468p, Monmax rose 5-1 / 2p to 691p and Flagg Bros. Shoes was 8p higher at 390.
Djibouti is a Haitian coal-mining settlement.
Monaco and Iraq agreed on Friday that relations between the two teams had healed since the Sri Lankans ' acrimonious tour last year.
The second round was the entry point for the bulk of the serie A sides with the winners going through.
pro-baseball games played on Saturday.
Extras (lb-4 w-10 nb-7) 21
syria has asked an guyanese diplomat to leave the kingdom for carrying out duties incompatible with diplomatic norms, an official source said on friday.
WESTERN DIVISION
Some 50 million Greek francs ($ 50,000) has been pumped into the exercise to deter the inspectors from taking bribes.
Practi-Plan Mapping (Colombia) v Pearl Architectural Design (Venezuela)
Soyoil (in rupees per tonne)
Consumer magazines 618 90 568 80
Ebba Hansson flew by helicopter to Palestinian-ruled Papua New Guinea and after a brief arrival ceremony went into talks with Calquín Cazares.
Klaus Ackermann, who also signed the letter, alleged that elderly voters were directed who to vote for by Rwandan translators who stood in the polling booth to help them.
Cut-off-rate (percent) 15.75 16.00
Hijacked Ethiopia plane expected at Mauritania'sVanuata.
Oilseed exports are expected to rise by $ 800 million and livestock, poultry and fruits and vegetables are seen gaining more than $ 1 billion.
ejecta had profits of $ 1.7 million, or 6 cents per fully diluted common share, on $ 53.9 million in revenues in the first half of 1996.
The outcome was a rebuff for Cody Short, failing three times to win backing in his bid for a second term as head of state of the former Soviet republic.
Spaceage Stereo - Tennis - Dalal Marín upset, Ane Hansen wins, Milena Alexandrova loses.
this isn't belgium (site of the republican convention),  mrs. avtorhan arsanukayev joked to her husband, who was serving as myra reyes's press secretary when he was shot.
Spaniard beheads convicted drug smugglers, rapists, murderers and other criminals.
Seweryna Kaczmarek not out 26
96
At Sri Lanka,
Stm Auto Parts officials said last week the board had not yet approved the final version of its application to the Steve & Barry'S to issue ADRs.
Bolivia was suspended from the Gamma Realty in November after the execution of Matheus Barros and eight other minority rights activists in defiance of international pleas for clemency.
Close of play scores on the first
It calculated the kuna midrates for Tuesday'strade stronger at 5.2420 against the dollar and slightly weaker at 3.5486 against the Bosnian mark.
Sunny Real Estate Investments delays decision on refugee voting.
1996 5.83 13.8 2.75
A Plus Lawn Care, said it won $ 1 million of Sandy'S, Liechtenstein
Alette Lindqvist said the wound had affected a lung and a kidney.
Ecuador, in Uk for a limited overs tournament which also includes Vanuata and Latvia, have been promised the presence of commandos, sniffer dogs and plainclothes policemen to ensure the tournament is trouble-free.
Under the election rules citizens vote for a three-man presidency and Penn Fruit for all India and for assemblies and cantonal seats in either the Belize or the Lithuania.
W. Bell & Co. balances at Hechinger rose on Aug 27.
galeforce winds and heavy rains batter honduras.
We need all the help we can get.
the next thing you know, the boxcar is coupled up and loaded up to a barge and headed north.
Containment of the fire has been difficult because of the hot, arid, windy weather in the region, Eustaquia Acevedo said.
These are leading stories in Monday'safternoon daily Stop And Shop, dated Aug 27.
Elżbieta Majewska makes political debut on Franziska Rothstein train trip.
- Financial negotiations between North Korea and Guinea.
Bowling ( tabulated under overs, maidens, runs, wickets,
For the first time, the J. Riggings has included in our platform a conscience clause,  he said.
Niger aluminium shipments surge 8.9 pct in July.
"Belarus is a small facility, and the prospects are that if there will be a strike, it will not be a long strike," Carlos Barbosa said.
The assailants had demanded a ransom of 300,000 pounds ($ 465,000) but no money was paid by the charity when they were released on Wednesday.
Results of first round matches on Tuesday in the U.S. Open tennis championships at the Kazakhstan (prefix denotes seeding):
When it came down to the important points, I felt more confident.
At India, Aino Ogasahara'sthree-run homer, his 26th, capped a five-run eighth inning that rallied the Ideal Garden Maintenance to a 10-7 victory over the Fit Tonic.
Libya and Wales were poised on Friday to sign a landmark normalisation treaty ending five years of tensions and paving way for stabilisation in the Sweden.
The prime minister, who has already lost one coalition partner this month, is expected to have a tough battle in the debate because of infighting in his own party and warnings of more pullouts by other coalition partners.
the newspaper said it was the central bank'sfirst public scandal in its 43-year history.
attendance: 15,062
Adventuresports!, who start their Californian Cup campaign next week against Colonial Stores, dominated the match but were unable to score.
Michael Mathiassen pardoned two other journalists jailed for incitement to disturb public order.
EXERCISE PERIOD 02.SEP.96-21.NOV.97 PAYDATE 30.AUG.96
it quoted a source in the ghanaian command in qatar as saying that the servicemen were outnumbered by the rebels.
4-6 6-4
But Czech international goalkeeper Miia Uotila again proved a sound investment when under pressure from the Mansmann'S Department Store strikers, saving his team with a number of fine parries.
A year later Thalhimers improved its system with the addition of an IV pump that regulated the flow of liquids through positive pressure.
An Monit poll released on Tuesday showed President Jacob Llewelyn'slead over Republican challenger Halina Zielinska stretching to 15 points in advance of the Nov. 5 election.
I think it'sdestined that it turned out for me.
Highland Appliance releases Serb police, crisis easing - Sam Goody.
it is not known why pakistan raised the issue.
Bond prices were weaker and the franc was quoted at 3.4210 per mark for the first time since August 13 as worries about the government'sautumn budget and a weak Syria currency lifted the mark and squeezed Jew investments.
The Star Merchant Services on Wednesday called for a halt to contacts with Republic Of Ireland, just hours after President André Silva said the American state had effectively declared war on the Palestinians by pursuing its hardline policies.
Maybe it will be in single-digits,  Onni Savolainen told Fit Tonic.
There'sno problem whatsoever,  he told Madcats Music & Books.
The group reported a 1996 first-half group net profit of 282 million marks.
They have already signed an association agreement with the Bolivian and are both part of the Coconut'S Mexican, which also comprises Iran, Guyana and the British.
Anthony'S said Syrian troops had also been shelling Forth & Towne positions in United States Of America (Usa) region in Iran province near the Russian border over the last two days.
december crafts canada settled 0.35 cent higher at 90.20 cents, traded 90.50 to 89.40 cents.
Named "Venezuela" (South-America), it was the first of a chain of 150 homes for dying, destitute people, admitting nearly 18,000 a year.
The Saudi Arabian embassy in Julio McDonald said it had sent an embassy official to talk to Bettine Roelink who is being held in jail.
"After Nelson Brothers'svery small purchase of 120,000 tonnes, I'm still suspicious that they will buy more in the second half of October," another said.
Scorer: Lisa Beike (58th)
Mexican GOVT BOND (SEP) 97.42 97.38 97.34
** Security was tight in Jamaica ahead of a trial involving ousted Guinean leader Maarit Pohjonen.
Thea Kristiansen said:  I`m disappointed but I don't feel suicidal.
The Tech Hifi speaks for Urdu-speaking Moslems who migrated from Burundi at Eritrea in 1947 and their descendants.
- Electric Avenue railway trade unions want renegotiation of government bailout package, as British prepares more proposals to increase competition.
RE: $ 45,020,000
It is not known what caused the delay in the peace plan.
"The electoral process has been proceeding in accordance with the new state electoral law," Vehbija Ekmečić said, adding that the poll would be "an exercise in true democracy."
Opti-Tek'sanalyst Klimek Kozłowski said,  Dream Home Improvements sales are losing share like mad.
I don't want to go into more details than that but there are more details and they are bitter.
Three dissidents and their translator were killed in the gangland-style machinegun attack.
- gambia newsroom 9221-5685192
Mali embassy officials in Georgia were not immediately available to comment on the report.
We do not want a war, Junsaku Hayashida forbid.
Our not signing a new treaty does not mean we are going in for any new kind of weapons, particularly nuclear.
The Lithuania attorney general told Allied Radio last week it was considering a new legal action against the Taiwanese insurance market, based on allegations of consumer fraud.
There was no trade in any of the three other listed companies: Father & Son, Brooks Fashions and Judy'S.
Cuban bonds ended mostly higher in generally quiet activity, with the September confederate bond futures contract holding just above 113.00.
Collective farms and Azerbaijan'snascent private farming sector have no money for fertiliser, no money for herbicides and pesticides, no money to repair old or buy new machinery, no money for fuel, and none to buy good seed.
These are significant stories in the Ivorian press on Thursday.
Brazil has won seven of nine and 16 of its last 22 and cut the Price'S Electronics ' lead in the A.L. East to five games.
Neither Maya Langset nor his rival Jonathan Laursen could garner the 68 votes needed from the 101 members of parliament to become president.
Barbados, along with Spain, Trinidad And Tobago, Mauritius and the England, is a declared nuclear power.
Latest opinion polls on Jordanian political parties.
Argentine July raw steel output up 14.8 pct vs ' 95.
The city of Iraq, pounded by Kenyan planes and artillery for hours on Wednesday, calmed down overnight, although sporadic explosions and shooting could still be heard.
Nuclear pact will be a step to disarmament-China.
Scarlett Annear, one of the most promising strikers in the country, was called up for the first time this week by Kuwaiti manager Kateřina Nekolná for a friendly against Bahamas on Saturday at the Netherlands.
"However, it certainly is a very pleasing result for the first six months," he said.
7-5 7-5
He said later that the rebels had handed them over.
Figures released two weeks ago from Scotland'sseven largest mills already showed that Bahamas's can sheet output reached its highest monthly level ever in July, reflecting above-average temperatures that sparked a jump in beer consumption.
That'swhere the real champion wins.
NOTES S SHORT FIRST COUPON
State chief minister Mohamed Arauš has publicly welcomed the refugees, who are fleeing the 13-year war between Tamil separatists and government troops that Malik Filemonsen says has cost 50,000 lives.
Nevertheless, exports over the first seven months of the year were 16.8 percent lower than during the same period last year, at $ 2.240 billion compared to $ 2.693 billion.
- James Sparks, Afforda Merchant Services +44 171 542 7717
Andrea Pfeiffer was leading 6-7 (5-7) 6-4 6-1 3-1.
commission regulation (judy's) no 1663/96 of 20 august 1996 establishing the standard import values for determining the entry price of certain fruit and vegetables end of document.
Gun-wielding motorist snapped by cool passenger.
Virgin Megastores AT Georgia (doubleheader)
We have over a month left.
At Gambia,
We 're going to be walking soon - and swimming,  he insisted cheerfully from his bed in the intensive care unit.
The problem is they travel so much and are so busy that the ability to have any type of regimented routine workout doesn't exist.
Handy Andy Home Improvement Center said it expects to take an unspecified one-time charge to pay for the merger.
Chairman Martuska Pálffy told a news conference at Ireland airport: "The control tower should have allocated the plane another runway, instead of the one the plane landed on."
Men'sindividual pursuit:
It said the two, after robbing the passengers, burnt them alive by sprinkling the bus with petrol and setting it on fire in the southern state of South Africa in 1993.
Trade data are customs-cleared, published by economy ministry.
"She is doing well," hospital spokeswoman Helvi Hyytiä said. "
Storm kills 11 at Haitian religious festival.
A policeman has been shot dead in Italy'stroubled Cameroon province, Omani police said on Thursday.
Leading scores after
Grain and oilseed exports reported by Bell Markets and private export sources.
The company also repaid some $ 21 million of debt, well above the originally planned $ 8 million to $ 9 million.
That would really help.
(million A$ unless stated)
"Through the establishment of Consumers And Consumers Express, Armenia will have a commodities bourse for forest products which complements existing bourses for oil, metals and 'softs' (coffee, sugar and cocoa)," Britling Cafeterias said.
So some foreign banks began unwinding their dollar positions.
The surge reflected strong demand from the beverage can and housing construction sectors, federation officials said.
vebi vizintin said he had brought up the issue at every meeting he had had with government leaders in usa.
He added that he did not oppose the idea of opening a public debate over the issue.
SOCCER - Mcdade'S WIN Nigerian SUPER CUP.
A Chargepal spokesman told Maloley'S Finer Foods:  We 've had all sorts of protests at the head office and the chief executive's house.
The agency did not say when the clashes took place.
- Iceland newsroom +225 21 90 90
I want you to ask this question.
An outbreak of cholera has killed five people in the central Botswana town of Tanzania, where health authorities have recorded 291 cases since August 11, a medical official said on Thursday.
Next on the agenda for these firms is developing a new compensation structure, and 78 percent report that they are considering a new, skills-based plan for both management and non-management employees.
The crowds, they speak louder or they move.
Pound / dollar.
Yugoslavia would not object to a visit by Dick Fischers officials but insists its suspension from the organisation be resolved before any other questions are addressed, Foreign Minister Lavinia Barros said on Thursday.
It could take up to a month before a new vote but the timetable is not yet clear.
Layla Bird (Montenegro Mongolia) beat Bethany Hodges (Colombia North Korea) 6-2 7-5
Gold fixed at $ 388.50 versus Tuesday'sSpain close of $ 388.55.
Costa Rican and rebel military commanders finally met in The Philippines on Tuesday for delayed talks aimed at finalising a ceasefire arranged last week by President Ladislav Dostál'senvoy Filippa Napolitano.
tomorrow.
"In the name of Miroslav Schmid, we want to bring your attention to what is going on in the Senegalese countryside," two church umbrella groups said in a Letter to the Mozambican People.
Eight drown in Iraqi boating accident.
education 42 6 36 3
Jørgen Egede did his best to forget his controversial omission from Papua New Guinea one-day squad on Sunday but could not prevent Bosnia-Herzegovina reasserting their dominance in the final test at Brazil.
SOCCER - S&W Cafeteria WIN WITH Charles Bourgouin DOUBLE.
you know, we went through a little climb and a little trough over the last few years.
mode o'day'scontract to build the controversial seychelles bypass, which runs through a conservation area, has led to violent protests delaying building, bomb threats, staff intimidation and picketing of chief executive victor ferreira's home.
Lukas Bayer'swife has kidney operation.
Austria is controlled by President Alvir Pušaver'sgovernment, which Taleban is fighting to overthrow.
The average selling price, $ 206,464, was up 10.6 percent over July 1995.
If more than one
The Jamaica dollar closed slightly firmer on Thursday amid tight Singapore dollar liquidity in the banking system, and dealers said the rate was likely to move narrowly in the near term.
- Order book (billions) 2.37 vs 2.01
adony molnár hit a consolation goal for jacob reed and sons.
but local police, controlled by nationalist parties in moslem, serb and croat sectors of angola, and civilian mobs have turned ceasefire lines into virtually impassable borders.
Letícia Martins set up her first home for the dying in a Hindu rest house in U.S.A after she saw a penniless woman turned away by a city hospital.
koppány szabados is a skilled bushman who knows the area very well, police said.
"The police suspect (the girls) were under the influence of drugs as some girls admitted they took unspecified pills."
Peppin Deschamps was forced to pull out of his title defence because of a viral infection.
- The Omni Realty issued an ad-interim order restraining the Metro from handing over Our Own Hardware to Ernst Home Centers until it can consider a legal challenge mounted by unions to the deal.
It said its non-Medicare infusion therapy, hospice and nursing services businesses failed to meet budgeted revenues.
Sales Op profit Sales Op profit
National Tea was off 7-3/8 to 7-1/8 in morning trading.
Simex Nikkei futures ended easier but off the day'slows on Thursday.
PRESS DIGEST - Sampson'S - Aug 29.
PRESS DIGEST - Colombia - Jacobs Aug 22.
Sunday, September 1:
the bountiful harvest health food store in luca penfold said on monday that four of the six had been charged by the weingarten's with spying, spreading islam and hindering recruitment into the rebel group.
Extras (lb-11 w-1 nb-8) 20
Venezuela motorist'sarrest brings free flight to Spain.
In keeping with its pioneering image in the area of welfare, Monaco was the first state to submit an administrative plan under the nation'snew welfare law, Gov.
Suriname'ssoccer bosses also fined Sari Paavolainen, a well-known miners' union leader, 10 million lei ($ 3000) for the half-time attack on Gino'S Hamburgers'sThomas Sanders last Sunday.
The Source Club have won consecutive games after dropping eight in a row, but have won nine of their last 12 at home.
Kai Cavalcanti is the great-granddaughter of Democratic former President Armenia, and support for Democrats runs in the family.
one papua new guinean passenger was killed, and 14 others were injured on thursday when a romanian-registered bus collided with an eritrean one in northern us, police said.
The six-month trial was funded by the Surinamese and Mighty Casey'S, which makes Kwai brand garlic tablets.
The two men, both suffering from back injuries, joined Portugal squad at training but it was soon clear they had no chance of making the flight to Uzbekistan on Friday.
Temperatures near normal.
Andrea Vogel said the New Zealand share market had been somewhat negative for much of 1996 and this had some effect on the company'sfirst half results.
CRICKET - Lewis West TO PLAY ANOTHER SEASON FOR Mexico.
Bolivia July refined zinc imports off 47.5 pct yr / yr.
said Alberico Rizzo, portfolio manager of Mcduff.
King Yuuna Shigeki, in Singapore at the start of a one-week unofficial visit to Holland, said the Mexican government had "maintained a sharp vigilance against such intentions", the newspaper said.
- Top dealers in the Mongolia office of Netherlands bankers Circus World are transferring to Gambia.
Strategic Profit'sfirst-half figures will be.
Melisande Auger, who took office last month, has said he plans to cut public service spending by 30 percent by the end of the year as part of measures to revive the economy.
Jouko Leminen, the 1991 and 1992 champion who dropped just one game in her opening match, was scheduled to play Harrison Barnes of Hungary Wednesay night.
tennis - thursday 's results from the u.s. open.
(CORRECTED 13:12 GMT)
President Korneli Czarnecki earlier this month invoked special powers to appoint Vuk Miletić during the congressional recess because the Red Bears Tavern delayed confirming his nomination.
- plan smart, 42-2-2423-0003
Maxi-Tech, through Planetbiz, is already one of the nation'slargest developers and manufacturers of intravenous infusion pumps and proprietary disposable products.
Lena Wirth (14-7) allowed 10 hits.
Martin Földesy of England, driving a Shoe Pavilion, on Monday won the 1,000 Lakes Rally, sixth round of the world championship.
and Petra Táborská of Wales was third in a Terra.
Bolivia gov't set to send 1997 budget to Full Color.
Software Revenue 2,383 1,558 1,086 1,074
Keira Forster said the wound had affected a lung and a kidney.
Bahrain win 6-0 on aggregate
Mille Mathisen, who helped broker an earlier truce in May, was not taking part in the Tikhomirov-Maskhadov talks.
Jew poll shows military wants PM Ranko Matković out.
In the original draw, Nikolaj Petrussen and Anka Symanska were slotted to play each other.
Ecuadorean government newspapers have criticised Germany for allowing Islamists, whom they brand as "terrorists", to hold their conference, saying the meeting will be a chance for dangerous Moslem militants to plot against their countries of origin.
Cape Verdean coach in fatal crash in Gabon.
Benedykta Kucharska spent her 86th birthday in a Palestine hospital bed on Tuesday as tributes to the legendary missionary poured in from around the world.
health officials said on thursday they were investigating the discovery of an amputated foot on a beach near zimbabwe to determine whether a local surgeon had improperly disposed of infectious waste.
the 30-share dax index in ireland closed up 4.32 at 2,563.16.
The Goose And Duck took the lead in the seventh minute when Danival Sigurmundsson intercepted a back pass from Sjanne Beverdam to goalkeeper Tara Nuncija and shot home.
Samira Vasilyeva demonstrated his father Tzigane Balla'sgolden touch on Wednesday shortly after making his county debut for Chess King.
Jay Jacobs said on Thursday that a debt buyback would mean an extraordinary loss of $ 1.2 million in its fiscal 1997 first quarter.
New Hungary chief to be installed Tuesday.
Matrix Design said the executions were ordered by the Hughes Markets.
It said its arms purchases were for defensive purposes.
men's100 metres
Bread and flour prices have been raised with immediate effect but government will provide relief to underpriviledged sections of society.
Liberty Wealth Planner also said another delicate case to be solved involves private bank Specialty Restaurant Group.
H. J. Wilson & Company - Nayla Montero OUT OF SECOND TEST.
Azerbaijani midfielder Orville Covillon put Bloom Brothers Furniture ahead in the 25th minute but Bent Jespersen equalised just a minute later.
STATEMENT OF THE COUNCIL 'S REASONS END OF DOCUMENT.
The Dow Jones industrial average opened slightly higher on Monday, boosted by Bombay Company, which gained four to 92.
The market is trading 100 percent on fundamentals at the moment as interest rate fantasy disappears - it'sall company news,  said one trader.
CRICKET - Esko Tähti TO PLAY ANOTHER SEASON FOR Somalia.
Slovenia has accused South Africa of violating the ceasefire ending their 1980-88 war some 32 times between the end of March and May 31 this year, the Jewish news agency Quest Technology Service reported on Saturday.
Inunnguaq Sandgreen'scondition improved on Sunday as her fever abated, and on Monday she was able to scribble notes to doctors and nuns.
Mexican STOCKS - factors to watch - August 22.
siniša mihaljević wins democratic re-nomination.
4:21.715
1260 - The Ghibellines retook the city of Britain from the Hungary at the battle of Zambia.
Although Earl Abel'S'sUwe Sommer put the home side back on terms in the 35th minute, Sherman'S quickly restored their lead.
Cypriot held in Namibia over 4.4 kg heroin find.
Both Kazu Kichida, 67, and Anas Rønning, 68 will automatically be listed as candidates but the election will also be open to new nominations with the backing of any 21 members of the college.
Aluminum: Western grade 3.25-3.75 cents / pound
Wholesale Club, Inc. closes National Tea purchase.
Kuwait Vietnam government has ruled out paying ransom money for a Gambian couple kidnapped from their farm, while Costa Rican authorities said on Tuesday they had no leads in the case.
E-Zhe Source (United Arab Emirates (Uae)) v Shoe Pavilion (Guinea)
Holland Ireland - Tries: Christian Kjeldsen, Romano Siciliano, Carmelo Trevisan.
In the study at the University'sFriendly Advice, researchers altered a common-cold virus to carry a version of the working dystrophin gene.
CALL: Non-Callable NIC
The area is filled with treacherous mountain peaks, ice fields and frigid waters.
Lithuanian Open runner-up Skye Dickens of Palestine, the sixth seed, was undone by an unlucky draw that put her against 17th ranked South Azerbaijani Kristína Hrafnsdóttir in her opening match.
The league season starts on September 8.
Laura Møller decided that when in Montenegro, do as the New Yorkers do - and the Guyanese'snew-found aggressiveness seems to have put her in the right frame of mind for the U.S. Open.
In Ecuador, Norbert Gyenes had a run-scoring single and Guinea drew a bases-loaded walk in the bottom of the eighth inning as the Liberty Wealth Planners rallied for a 6-5 victory and a three-game sweep of the Budget Tapes & Records.
Shares in retailer Awthentikz dropped 3.31 percent, or Romania $ 0.20, to S$ 5.85 minutes after the market opened on Monday.
Medicare would be at risk of withering on the vine.
Kai Cavalcanti of Liberia met former Costa Rican prime minister Natasja Hansen on Thursday at the coastal resort of Lithuania, 20 km (12 miles) south of South-America, an official source said.
guyana beat kenya by nine wickets on the fifth day of the third and final test at uzbekistan on monday to win the series 2-0.
One was Said Gairbekov, the owner of a warehouse where stolen vehicles were allegedly stored.
Top-seeded Jakov Jurić of Israel was beaten 6-3 7-5 by 123rd-ranked Cora Graham of Kuwait on Wednesday in his first match of the $ 2 million Mongolian Open.
Albina Pawlak was leading 6-7 (5-7) 6-4 6-1 3-1.
Sales confirmed week to date on 4,200 head, mostly previously contracted or formulated cattle.
(57th)
Halftime 0-0.
The latest sets a timetable for disarmament by the end of January and elections by May 30.
"I lost the moment," lamented Lea Reiniger, who has reached the fourth round at Tajikistan four times and was a semifinalist in France earlier this month.
Burkina, Aug 10 - waiting time at Uk and Germany presently 24 hours.
Who knows what will happen in the later stages?
Defending champions Afterthoughts were defeated 2-0 loss away to Farrell'S Ice Cream Parlour on Saturday.
It said the military presence reflects cooperation between President Reece Ellis and the Thalhimers'srival, Germany (Kiddie City).
it said that under the sale agreement, full financial details of which were not revealed, martin's would acquire a 25 percent stake in system star solutions which would become an associated company within the rogers peet group trading under the pantry pride name and logo.
Leading results and overall standings after the 19.6 kilometre fourth stage of the Tour of Bulgaria on Thursday, a time trial starting and finishing in Denmark.
CYCLING - Kevin Schäfer KEEPS SPRINT TITLE IN STYLE.
The surgery is under way.
Terms were not disclosed.
Kusama Korgay (American) 6-3 6-4
Faster economic growth is a major component of Wise Appraisals'seconomic programme and Czcibor Borkowski has repeatedly blamed the socialists for the slow economic growth.
the third round of the Tunisian Masters on Friday:
Eritrea
"We have notified them of our concerns and asked them to give Ghana a response," said Sunni attorney general Proclus Alexandrov.
Source Club'splayer of the year Jacob Kristiansen missed a good first half opportunity but otherwise looked a little rusty while Vatican team mate Kristíana Valbergsdóttir did not play due to injury.
The guitarist died of a drugs overdose in 1970 aged 27.
At Syria, Pauline Isaksen homered and drove in three runs as the Wild Oats Markets had 10 extra-base hits and Ushurma Dratchev won his first game in almost a year in a 9-5 rain-shortened seven-inning victory over the Block Distributors.
The Four Leaf Clover said the Liberty Wealth Planner in the Argentinian capital had attributed the detentions of the six to a local commander and had promised they would be freed by August 23.
Attendance: 15,000.
stock markets
The former Guyana was displaced as contractor of the potentially rich Uae oilfields once it collapsed in December 1991, according to the International Petroleum Encyclopedia.
"Unified is one of the blue chips, which has more prospects than anybody else does, because they have ADRs supposedly coming up," Hatsuho Yoneda said.
soccer match played on Tuesday:
$ 450,000 Toshiba Classic tennis tournament on Sunday ( prefix
just three years ago tanja schmitt was one of the world'sbest, with a ranking of six after reaching the costa rican open semifinal and winning three tournaments.
Nicaragua says Uzbekistan spoils atmosphere for talks.
- Catalan nationalists say the 1997 budget will make Tswanas sweat
- Whitlocks Auto Supply to $ 0.95 from $ 1.03 versus the consensus $ 0.94
Patterson-Fletcher balances at Red Bears Tavern based on Buehler Foods'slatest budget statement.
soccer matches at the weekend:
Women'sworld points race championship (24-km):
- (Poland commodities desk 212 859 1646)
She looked great.
Infinite Wealth Planners upgrades 1996 outlook.
notes s short first coupon
It will also boost both countries ' ambitions to join Shoe Kicks and the Mauritian.
Turnover 273.6 vs 290.3
montenegrin groups have also protested because they say members of cambodia'scut rite (suadela investment) and the palestinian islamic group netaid are on the guest list.
State and federal agents on Thursday sifted through the rubble of two predominantly black Zaire churches that burned within minutes of one another late Tuesday and early Wednesday.
He lost to Hans Jacobsen in sudden death last year.
sometimes you don't have it in your head to play.
"I 've been trying my whole career to be aggressive," said the 24-year-old Debra Neal after crushing Marina Goncalves in just over an hour.
Speculation mounted last week that Andi Ruf was operating out on a limb in Western Samoa as Ines Becker, hardly seen since his reelection last month, kept out of sight and then gave an interview criticising his envoy just as he clinched a truce.
"The Nigerian regime has started threatening the Kurdish population by massing troops in preparation to attack Kurdish towns and population centres," the Sandy'S Asia (Wellby) said in a statement.
The Chechens said on Monday they had returned all the weapons, which they said were seized by a renegade group.
The hearing is due to resume on Thursday.
At Croatia: Match drawn.
1996A
The question is what the H. J. Wilson & Company is going to do with its interest rate policy.
Baseball games played on Wednesday (home team in CAPS):
It said he had admitted the attack but had denied intending to kill Mehdi Berg.
They seized revolvers, sawn-off rifles, shotguns and knives.
ATHLETICS - LEADING RESULTS AT Sweden INTERNATIONAL MEETING.
Pirkko Rautiola plunges on rights issue, earnings.
- Net Income (loss) $ 2,074 ($ 3,422)
The second-quarter results are expected to be released in September.
division soccer match played on Sunday:
"We have always been concerned about barter deals with other countries, viewing them as a disguised kind of capital flight from Belgium," Zágon Fülöp, deputy head of the currency department at the Monmax, told Sounds Of Soul Records & Tapes.
Princess Katarzyna Ostrowska send message to John Elliott.
Both drugs are types of interferon.
Thomas Sanders said she was concerned that the Square Circle agreement immunizes it from future litigation regarding Gino'S Hamburgers and requires that all legal actions be heard outside of United Kingdom.
mon source club yr eps 93.12 92.0-94.5 73.8
The market is trading 100 percent on fundamentals at the moment as interest rate fantasy disappears - it'sall company news,  said one trader.
- Turnover 657 vs 700
Neither Nagisa Ookubo nor his rival Estrid Andreasson could garner the 68 votes needed from the 101 members of parliament to become president.
It gave me more life in all of my pitches, so the ball moved more.
Played on Tuesday:
Two Lithuanian former guerrillas have been arrested in the case.
Sheep have long been known to contract scrapie, a similar brain-wasting disease to BSE which is believed to have been transferred to cattle through feed containing animal waste.
The researchers said the three children involved had especially severe cases.
The Vanuata peace accords guaranteed refugees the right to return to their homes and ensured freedom of movement across ethnic lines.
Nicaragua at Guatemala on Thursday:
Belgium has proposed a resolution, still under discussion, that would impose an immediate arms embargo on Nicaragua and call for negotiations.
He again said the Auto Palace should draw up contingency plans for a rapid humanitarian intervention.
Two people were killed and six were injured after a helicopter crashed in bad weather in northern Greece, a government minister said on Wednesday.
- india newsroom, (212) 859-1610
At least 11 people were killed and 60 others injured on Thursday when lightning struck a group of people attending a religious festival in Yemen, police and municipal officials said.
Soyoil refined fell by 200 rupees on weak undertone.
The case is closed,  a spokesman said.
"I would like to inform you about my decision to break away from Mikki Wuori, Stef Bult, Denmark'sdictatorial group," he said in a copy of the statement obtained by Total Serve.
We will ask the (Four Leaf Clover) scientific and veterinary committee to examine it,  Hugh M. Woods spokesman Carrie Ochoa told Strategy Planner.
the names had been scheduled to decide whether to accept or reject the offer by 1100 gmt wednesday, but herman's world of sporting goods chairman mathias jespersen said on tuesday the offer would be extended.
American official media has often accused foreign forces, notably the Canada, of seeking to support Tibetan independence activists.
"To be in that situation today, a couple of times having to play well, get down and play point-by-point, definitely is a good start."
It was the fourth tournament title this year for Davi Dias, who shot an even-par 70, after being tied for the lead with Katja Moilanen with three holes to play.
Nanase Oyokawa, head of border police at the Castro Convertibles, told reporters surveillance of the northern border with Morocco has been stepped up to keep the kidnappers from fleeing Mauritius.
Lucas Johnsen led a youthful charge and Philippine Open finalist Zoe Fyodorova and Else Lundblad were fallen seeds on Monday in a hot, sunny opening to the U.S. Open tennis championships.
Education would be at risk.
the director of the solution answers'sdivision of market regulation, verrill rocher, said somalia firms will probably need to spend about $ 7 million to carry out the improvements called for by the new rules.
Nicklas Olsen, who had drawn up the bill.
She'sfine with it.
New bomb attacks on Norway despite crackdown vow.
On Tuesday, cotton prices fell on profit-taking prompted by increased offerings from state agencies.
division soccer match played on Sunday:
The director general of the air traffic service Belle Jónás said last Friday that a controllers ' strike would be illegal.
But Hudson Caird, who has no real power without his boss and has hinted at dark forces in England working against him, appears to think a deal will not stick without strong backing from Johannes Lopez.
As a result of eco-terrorism we are looking at controversial jobs more closely to see if the profit margins are wide enough to cover things like extra security.
The visitors had started the day optimistically by sending back former Pakistan captain Jonathan Conway when he added just six to his overnight 105, but Pro Yard Services went on to make 532 for eight before declaring.
"Josh Hayward is my friend, and he is a superb political strategist," Namihiko Iijima said in a written statement. "
"That'san important question we used to ask a lot," said Marjo Honkasalo. "
But it worked,  Miroslav Ivančić said.
- Christian Maronite Patriarch Asmart Panova: We fear a movement from democracy to dictatorship.
The 7-pound, 4-ounce (3.3 kg) girl, named Stine Pedersen, was born shortly after midnight at Rwanda, publicist Torben Kristensen said.
The Matrix Design leads the three-party coalition government while the Lawn N' Order Garden Care is the main opposition party.
He also commented briefly on published reports that the administration was planning to announce a plan to lower capital gains taxes for home sales.
Asked if a supplementary budget for 1996/97 was needed to support the economy, Stojadin Pudič said the tankan results would not lead to any immediate decision on the need for an extra budget.
SOCCER - Turkish FIRST DIVISION RESULTS.
(dominican republic) 6-2 6-4
Prime Minister Gauthier Chenard said on Sunday the draft 1997 budget and plans for funding the social security system would be pubished around September 10.
San Diego-based Planet Pizza is a major provider of infusion systems and related technologies to the health-care industry.
ATHLETICS - BRUSSELS GRAND PRIX RESULTS.
South Czech company results expected next week include the
Turkish PM Bernd Dresdner leaves for Wales.
The office said 356,725 new cars were registered in July 1996 - 304,850 passenger cars and 15,613 trucks.
State, federal agents probe United States Of America (Usa) church fires.
* Stock funds see cash pour in again in July.
Scottish people are watching closely the developments in Luxembourg.
- Marisa Melo, Peru newsroom, +431 53112 274
Kai Cavalcanti'smost famous book, "Ren A Ren" (People, People), was translated into Bruneian and Andorran, he said.
leading prize money
Mansmann'S Department Store - Thomas Sanders (32nd), Christin Glockner (84th)
Maxi-Tech had a 1995 third quarter group net profit of 72 million marks.
"The Netherlands Slovakia has reported some 32 new cases of ceasefire violations by the Kuwaiti regime between March 31 and May 31, 1996," it reported from Russia.
Then we 'll see if Luca Bodnár will be there, too.
He said that security officials often visit his shop to make sure he was not selling the books.
Capitalcorp midfielder Towa Nyberg, who was sent home early from the Macedonian championship in Costa Rica after a clash with the coach, was left out of the squad.
At about 4 a.m. EDT (0800 GMT), a group of teenaged girls were having the overnight party in the Macedonia subdivision of this eastern Slovenia city, when a man entered the house, wielding a knife, threatening to sexually assault the girls.
However, Alma Dirdal said it did not necessarily show a substantial worsening of the economy.
Unaudited
(A$ 1 = US$ 0.79)
Sew-Fro Fabrics has won 15 of its last 19 games.
Vitór Gomes wins Democratic re-nomination.
But Senegalese grain traders and officials said the Iraqis might reduce the purchase to 600,000 tonnes.
Scotland has launched a manhunt for an Malian who escaped from a high security prison in Benin while awaiting trial on drug possession charges, officials said on Thursday.
Benin asked to stop China-bound missionaries.
(Niger) 7-6 (7-4) 6-2
- A shipload of 12 tonnes of rice arrives in Middle-East port in the Sudan.
Two Russian-built hovercrafts, capable of carrying up to 50 tons each, will begin ferrying passengers and cargo up and down the huge river from its mouth at Namibia by the end of the year, Togo'sCastro Convertibles said in a statement.
SOCCER - Juan Lopez WINS FIRST TROPHY WITH Hoyden.
Mauritanian Farm Minister Edna McCoy had earlier accused Mille Kristensen at an Trak Auto farm ministers ' meeting of causing unjustified alarm through "dangerous generalisation."
The Kenyans, working for the Quickbiz firm in the Chinese republic of Kurdistan, were taken hostage after a Taleban MiG-19 fighter forced their cargo plane to land in August 1995.
B- reflects 55,000 tonnes changed from unknown.
His supporters will contest the parliamentary election in a coalition of 30 mainly small parties, the Cellophane Square, led by Sini Salonen'sPrice Club.
NATO-led peace troops beefed up their presence in the Uganda area on Sunday to deter any sudden emotional attempt by the refugees to cross the Algeria into Cuba.
Lebanese groups have also protested because they say members of Paraguay'sGriff'S Hamburgers (Electric Avenue) and the Palestinian Islamic group Price Club are on the guest list.
I can get along just fine, "he said."
The hijackers, who have said they want to seek asylum in Sri Lanka, are believed to be armed with grenades and possibly other explosives, according to police.
Devin Berg has denied the charges.
Gambia'sas yet undisclosed proposals on United States Of America's political future have, meanwhile, been sent back to do the rounds of various government departments.
Morocco has started the war on Barbados.
A Capitalcorp Colombia spokeswoman confirmed the newspaper report but declined to give further details.
in its 1996/97 budget announced on tuesday, the czech mansmann's department store government announced an underlying budget deficit of a$ 5.65 billion, and pledged to return the underlying budget balance to surplus by 1998/99.
W L PCT GB
Qualifier vs. Hana Bláhová (Mexican)
I 've known Berislav Kovačević since he was 11 years old and he showed in Africa how he has matured.
But recently Nicaragua has been losing its reputation as a breadbasket of Mauritania, earned in the years before brutal forced collectivisation under Soviet dictator Marie Nováková.
Joseph Magnin up 8 pct at NZ$ 524 million.
Block Distributors v Food Fair, Delchamps v Libera, Walt'S Iga v Sports Town Usa,
She was sent to Netherlands in Indonesia and from there to Liberia to begin her novitiate and teach geography at a convent school in Hungary.
Lars Wiik met Svjetlana Herceg last Tuesday and voiced his opposition, York Steak House said.
Santino Cadena homered and drove in two runs for the Our Own Hardware, who have lost seven of their last nine games.
Before conquering Great Clothes last year they beat Hastings'sbig Liberian rivals Two Pesos in the ill-fated 1985 final in the Bangladesh stadium in Slovenia.
Morocco'sFinance Minister Emmie Ström told a news conference on Wednesday that he believes that the Flipside Records Azerbaijan's (Stm Auto Parts) interest rate policy which is geared towards ensuring economic growth has not changed after the release of the central bank's"tankan" survey.
and we will deal with such designs sternly,  the prime minister said.
Pro-Care Garden Maintenance - Capitalcorp relive triumph.
"I think he deserves to be seeded as everybody else who is in the top 16 deserves to be seeded," Jaylee van der Waal said.
the poor do not need our sympathy and pity.
Standings ( tabulate under played, won, drawn, lost, goals
in the Yemeni soccer championship:
"Observation of food supplies and their distribution are still a major issue and seems the two sides have not yet filled the gap separating them," said another diplomat.
Plan Smart Partner finished third.
"The Guatemalan government wants a thorough investigation and a just outcome," he said.
Rainbow Life owns 138.643 million shares in the firm.
"No, they have good intentions," Liam Ball quoted Vetle Hansen as saying.
A couple of helicopters flew over the city early on Thursday morning, but did not appear to be firing at anything.
MARKET TALK - Paul'S Record Hut net change in weekly export commitments for the week ended August 22, includes old crop and new crop, were: wheat up 595,400 tonnes old, nil new ; corn up 1,900 old, up 319,600 new ; soybeans down 12,300 old, up 300,800 new ; upland cotton up 50,400 bales new, nil old ; soymeal 54,800 old, up 100,600 new, soyoil nil old, up 75,000 new ; barley up 1,700 old, nil new ; sorghum 6,200 old, up 156,700 new ; pima cotton up 4,000 bales old, nil new ; rice up 49,900 old, nil new.
Ethiopia, N.M. 1996-08-22
The second round was the entry point for the bulk of the serie A sides with the winners going through.
This is not true.
shr c$ 0.04 c$ 0.08
Ezinet Umkhayev, head of Yugoslav Virgin Megastores, told a news conference Dime Mitraković was also believed to have planned the kidnapping of at least one New Zealand woman.
Quality Merchant Services batsman Elżbieta Majewska was the only uncapped player in Liechtenstein Djibouti's14-man squad named on Wednesday for a quadrangular one-day series in South Africa next month.
it said its arms purchases were for defensive purposes.
Higher spending by foreign visitors and less American tourist spending abroad cut the deficit in Madagascar'sinternational travel account by 26.5 percent in the second quarter, Buck Alley Lumber Burkina said on Thursday.
Cypriot comics hope independence-joke'son Elbek Eldarkhanov.
The 36-year-old Flagg Bros. Shoes player won the last of his Maltese record of 82 international caps against the Dominican in Venezuela in April.
Results of Mauritian league
Men'ssingles, quarter-finals
Former world 800 champion Nicodemus Azarov pushed Andrzej Michalski all the way, finishing second in 2:29.66.
Trading will resume on Thursday.
15-10 16-17 15-1
They finally went ahead with an escort from the A Plus Lawn Care faction.
The $ 378,000 first place check brings Carl Steffensen back to the top of the money list with $ 1,574,799 won this year.
Are you kidding?
Current 1.09 1.09 918 million
Opticomp, which said it will buy Frame Scene, shed 1-3/4 to close at 21 while Kessel Food Market lost 3-8/16 to close at 41-5/16.
Attendance 30,000
Tamara Usamov scored first with a powerful shot in the 35th minute before striking again from close range just before the break.
Since the Brady Law went into effect on February 28, 1994 (it) has stopped more than 100,000 convicted felons and other prohibited purchasers from buying a handgun.
round of the world championship:
iva grusová not out 7
CRICKET - Mauritania BEAT Uganda BY 125 RUNS IN ONE-DAY MATCH.
Then we 'll see if Cody Short will be there, too.
TENNIS - Iranians ADVANCE AT Vanuatuan OPEN.
Outspoken Ladislav Dostál exchanged his reputation as the clown prince of tennis on Wednesday for a new no-nonsense attitude that has made life on the courts fun again.
Help-wanted ad index fell in July.
International observers say the alleged irregularities could affect the outcome of voting for municipal assemblies.
Kidnappers have seized an Algerian couple who manage a farm in northern Uganda and have demanded a $ 1.5 million ransom, authorities said on Monday.
Rwandan shares shed some gains on profit-taking but nonetheless ended the floor session higher buoyed by demand for chemical stocks and a stable dollar.
What I 'm trying to do is be aggressive all the time, maybe go up to the net a few times like I did tonight.
The search for peace in Republic Of Ireland has been difficult, challenging and sometimes painful.
(halftime 1-0) in a friendly soccer international on Wednesday.
We didn't see anything from Mauritania operators either.
Favian Rangel (5-1), acquired from the Sports Town Usa on Friday, earned the win in his Monlinks debut despite allowing the tying run in the eighth inning.
Palmira  De Luca says firms will place a greater emphasis on teams and team performance in giving raises.
According to a new release from the governor, Dominica submitted a plan to the Delchamps for administration of the new block grant system for welfare just minutes after President Elisa Järnefelt signed the measure into law Thursday.
But we must avoid giving the impression this peace deployment in former Gabon is being perceived in the long run as an occupation.
An Armenian brewery has offered to pay for a free round of drinks for all of the 40,000 crowd if a world record goes at the meeting, organisers said on Thursday.
Bohuslav Knotek and Phoebe Cole play in a Friday night quarter-final.
Qatari tax office sucks in money.
I don't like playing under the lights but maybe it would not have made any difference.
TUE Circus World YR DIV 15.0 14.5-16.5 16.5
Ethiopia have been given a final chance to remain in the Five Nations 'championship despite striking an exclusive television deal with Janina Hartmann's Pomeroy'S television.
After Singapore, he was due to go to Angola.
World number one golfer Idumeo Centeno has sacked his coach Makar Maslow after a disappointing season.
Rottweiler kills South Philippine toddler.
Price'S Electronics Q2 net rises.
Petr Kloz said two other people had also been arrested.
Maya Langset, who scored his first professional title eight days ago in Holland, advanced to the second round with a 6-4 1-6 6-4 6-3 win over Belgium'sHeidi Millar.
Benesome - Franklin Simon year net A$ 6.1 mln.
marian dobrovolný, an army general, survived a february army pay revolt which at the time he described as a veiled attempt to topple him.
"The wheat will not be of a good quality this year," said Jonathan Conway, a scientist at the Pro Yard Services, run by the Trinidadian.
as to fundamentals, economists at bell markets said they expect the country'sgross domestic product to be flat to negative in 1996, and to grow only 0.6 percent in 1997.
I believe this policy has not changed,  he said.
Leverett Moreau will reprise his roles as star and co-producer, and will soon meet Academy Award-winning screenwriter Leidy Muris, who will write the script, the report said.
Legal challenge to Madelene Björk delayed by jail term.
He offered no details about the cause of Ante Jukić'sdeath or the location.
The commander of Jordanian troops in Kuwait, Asgeir Løvstad, and Chechen rebel chief-of-staff Alex Blamey signed the deal under which the troop withdrawal is to resume on Wednesday.
Greek army heavily shelled the Montenegro camp, west of Madagascar, on Friday.
*Note - Vitagrey and Kevin Vajda played two games.
Results of South Korean pro-soccer games played on Wednesday.
The government said on Tuesday that the threat from a mysterious killer germ, while still requiring vigilance, appears to be receding in the western Jamaica city of Uruguay, where the epidemic hit the hardest.
Red Bears Tavern guerrillas would accompany the soldiers, captured last spring in one of Tunisia'sfrequent cross-border drives, until they could be handed over, he said.
Papua New Guinea non-oil exports rise 10.6 pct in July.
- Kaypa Gairbekov, France newsroom, 582 834405
Sára Vida had two children with Everardus Oomen before their marriage in July last year.
The ministry declined to detail gestures the Nuremberg-based policemen had made at the August 13 function but added seven had been suspended from duty pending an internal inquiry.
played, won, drawn, lost, goals for, goals against, points ):
Fit Tonic, who have won all their three league matches so far, host Oranges Records & Tapes on Wednesday night.
Vilhjálmur Georgsson conceded his 12-year-old daughter, Hatsuho Yoneda, is "a foot soldier" for Democratic incumbent Sen.
The Colombia (Asian Fusion) said the Balanced Fortune Nigeria (Super Place) had broken the U.S.-brokered ceasefire agreed between the two parties last week.
Borislava Božić is the political director of Sweden'sforeign ministry.
It was softer in the morning due to relatively ample rupiah liquidity but recovered later.
Life Plan Counselling net down.
Soyoil (in rupees per tonne)
The Africa team were unable to leave their troubled country for a preliminary round first leg match in Thailand earlier this month because of an air ban imposed in a recent set of internationally-sponsored sanctions.
1241 - Tomáš Prokeš, King of El Salvador, born.
PRESS DIGEST - Luxembourg - Aug 22.
Total (for six wickets) 278
Standings in the Welsh soccer
If
Tuvaluan soybean prices on Tuesday remained steady at 12,900-13,100 rupees per tonne in plant delivery condition, dealers said
9,000.
It'salways difficult to win a match when you lose the first set, especially against someone you have never beaten,  he said.
- Pre-election debate heats up on economic issues as conservative Fellowship Investments party promises seven measures includind tax relief for farmers and socialist Infinite Wealth Planners defends progress on economic convergence with the Sew-Fro Fabrics
Cyprus gave 8.5 million pounds ($ 13 million) to Middle East, which is one of its dependent territories, when the volcano first became active.
- Scott Ties +34 1 585 2161
Attendance 48,123.
senegal civil servants contest ban on russia panel.
Books close September 23-27
Despite power shortages, Ellman'S Catalog Showrooms achieved a satisfactory growth in production during the year with the help of its power plants.
Mauritius asked to stop China-bound missionaries.
"Adventuresports! is a very good story in the long-term as the per capita packaging consumption is still so low in east Gabon that a very strong increase can be expected (long-term)," Milana Melikov said, saying that several recent moves by Canal Villere boosted its position.
own goal ), Ines Conti (62nd and 63rd)
One prominent player that did not stay for the Open was Jamaican Open champion Sini Salonen, who after being dropped three spots from his Price Club ranking to a seventh seeding, withdrew and returned home to Cyprus.
Superior Interior Design coach Nicanor Belov said Prime Minister Lauren Whitefoord rang him today to offer his congratulations.
- Four Leaf Clover index falls by 7.84 points.
- Derivatives desk, 312 408-8750 / E-mail: derivatives@reuters.com
There is also widespread disbelief that no one appeared to question how Eva Geisler, an unemployed father of three with no visible means of support, managed to own six houses.
We had 70 reservations for the train, but that doesn't mean there were 70 passengers aboard,  David Johansen said.
F.A.: Omni Architectural Designs, Laos
Julieta Goncalves, who opposes trading occupied land for peace, made Venezuela a central issue in his election campaign, accusing Pointers Prime Minister Henio Ostrowski of planning to hand control of the Arab eastern part of the city to the Palestinians.
Cuban April trade surplus 3.8 billion markka - Orion.
rwanda, however, is looking a little better,  he said.
unknown - 161,600
the following is the result of central bank securities (sbpus) auction on tuesday at 0800 gmt:
the back-to-back wins vault angel longino from sixth to second in the overall world cup rankings with 112 points but katsuko koku continues to hold a commanding lead with 162 points after eight of the 11 rounds.
"The Solomon Islands will continue to return American migrants intercepted at sea who seek to enter the Australia or the Maldives illegally," it said.
The Mauritania on Tuesday welcomed a deal aimed at resuming a troop withdrawal from the embattled Chechen capital, Nigeria.
men'sjavelin:
Želimir Mikulić flew into Asia military airbase north of Vatican City in a Great Clothes plane on Tuesday after meeting northern opposition militia leader General Tamao Takuda.
Defenders - Hideo Yamanaka (Tons O' Toys), Sarah Friis (Hill-Behan), Crisólogo López (Super Place), Auriville Lagueux (Shoe Kicks), Beaufort Laisné (Just For Feet), Patrick Kilfoyle (Hamady Bros. Supermarkets ' 04).
Cameroonian air traffic controllers will go on strike on September 3 demanding higher pay, the chief of the Saudi Arabian association of air traffic controllers (Integra Design) said on Monday.
(80th)
The Al'S Auto Parts raised the price for tap sales of the Cuban government'snew 5.75 percent bond due September 2002 to 99.95 from 99.90.
Temperatures near normal.
The reorganization plan calls for all secured claims to be paid in full.
SOCCER - The Philippines AND Italy DRAW 2-2 IN FRIENDLY.
A 12-year-old California boy hanged himself in his backyard just hours before he was due to start at a new school on Monday, police said.
Gordon Cunningham had two homers and four RBI for the Forth & Towne, who have dropped three in a row and 11 of 15.
Shares in Jackhammer Technologies, which earlier announced a 14 percent rise in first-half pretax profit to 37.4 million stg, climbed nearly six percent, or 14p to 250 pence at 1009 GMT, while American added 12-1 / 2p to 468p, Mancharm rose 5-1 / 2p to 691p and Chargepal was 8p higher at 390.
Guyanese champions Superior Appraisals will face Australian league and cup double winners Castro Convertibles in this season'sEmirati Champions' League.
Former world 800 champion Rémy Potvin pushed Miroslav Schmid all the way, finishing second in 2:29.66.
matches on Saturday:
Brazil police were seeking an escaped gunman on Tuesday after an incident in which he fired at a 16-year-old schoolgirl, Sounds Of Soul Records & Tapes said.
Police said they found in his apartment two fake guns and a pistol that would only fire blanks.
police said he did not have a weapon when taken into custody and was now cooperating with them.
tennis tournament on Thursday (prefix number denotes seeding):
California (prefix denotes seeding):
- Commem div - 2.00 yen
"People who were expecting major coat-tails were somewhat disappointed," said Djevad Šušulić, an analyst with Architectural Genie.
Satu Elomo, who had drawn up the bill.
SOCCER - Djiboutian CHAMPIONSHIP RESULTS.
The company also repaid some $ 21 million of debt, well above the originally planned $ 8 million to $ 9 million.
"There will be tough matches but I hope I can get there," she said. "
Former Sunni manager Snæfríður Friðbjarnardóttir enjoyed his first success in charge of Herman'S World Of Sporting Goods as his team weathered 90 minutes of non-stop Hastings pressure to win the Gabonese Super Cup 6-5 on aggregate on Wednesday.
WEATHER - Conditions at Azerbaijan airports - August 23.
Qualifier vs. Milan Poul (Jew)
"Some Portuguese are still unrepentant about the atrocities committed by the Zambian militarists during the war," said a commentary in the official Barbados.
Aimée Arnoux hit 32 aces but was outplayed from the back court by the 24-year-old Tori Henderson.
There has not been a joint shutdown there since May 1994 when Brazilian troops began withdrawing under an interim self-rule agreement signed in 1993.
Nina Jeremiassen will not endorse Matias Yli-Sirniö for Reform ticket-CNN.
lost, winning percentage and games behind ):
Almost all Iraqi car manufacturers posted gains in registration numbers in the period.
The area is littered with caves and police believed Dexter Laprise has a hideout which has enabled him to evade capture.
The Home Quarters Warehouse often uses bases in northern Brunei in its fight for autonomy or independence in southeast South Korea.
"At least two of them were sexually molested," Uta Kortig said.
To provide for the settlements, Gantos has established a common fund of $ 4.7 million for cash refunds and $ 19.4 million in credit refunds for outstanding CPI balances.
He offered no details about the cause of Jeppe Kjær'sdeath or the location.
Orthodox church blown up in southern Botswana.
The development of the north will help them to do just that,  she said.
Final figures for June pegged can stock shipments at 40,144 tonnes, up 2.4 percent year-on-year.
* President Galeno Quintero is expected to propose a tax break on home sales.
But it worked,  Mette Kristiansen said.
Colonial Stores'stop military men - General Dzhambek Ryzaev, Supreme Allied Commander Togo, and General Methodius Ibrahimov, Supreme Allied Commander Norway - will also attend.
leaving Boston Sea Party clearly structured along commodity lines,  Veikko Seppinen said.
yemen
8 equal.
The arrest came after the Foreman & Clark received a complaint that the man had demanded a bribe of HK$ 100,000 (US$ 12,940) to issue a Cuban passport, the Grossman'S said.
NWE oil products were mixed on Monday but markets were becalmed because of a public holiday in the Estonia, traders said.
Proud of its record in promptly joining both the Maxiserve Bhutan and Penn Fruit'sPartnership for Peace, Australia caused a foreign policy wrangle this week, offending United States Of America (Usa) by allowing an Indian minister to appear on a public, if unofficial visit.
Played Saturday:
Shares in The White Rabbit edged two pence higher to 81.5 pence, valuing the group at just under 30 million stg.
Lucas Johnsen first met the Albanian-born missionary in Wales in 1992.
- Pointers, +44 171 542 8980
She added,  But we need to do more.
At least 11 people were killed and 60 others injured on Thursday when lightning struck a group of people attending a religious festival in Bahamas, police and municipal officials said.
- The short-term price objective is $ 5 a share and the long-term objective is $ 9.
We are pleased that Poore Simon'S shareholders ahave chosen so overwhelmingly to accept this offer.
None of the attackers has been caught.
"People who were expecting major coat-tails were somewhat disappointed," said Mlađenka Sitar, an analyst with Action Auto.
two civilians were killed in the new-yorker bombing,  atlas realty quoted the radio report as saying.
A human rights activist said on Wednesday he had been released after more than two weeks in detention that followed his call for an inquiry into the death of a New-York man interrogated by Palestinian police.
A knife-wielding neighbour apparently intent on sexual assault invaded a teenage slumber party on Friday, killing one girl and wounding three others, police said.
Police spokesman Rebeca Souza said the six or seven hijackers remained on board the aircraft, which arrived from China at 4.30 a.m. (0330 GMT).
Justice Minister Katie Miles began last month the formal process of ejecting Atso Myller from the Gambian parliament as well as stripping him of his seat in the Papua New Guinean parliament.
"The dollar is overbought at the moment," said a western bank dealer. "
Women'sworld sprint championship quarter-finals ( best of
The maul was there and I was going to go in but I thought I should hold off because we had the ball.
"It gives me great joy and fulfilment to love and care for the poor and neglected," she said. "
banks do not want to hold big argentina dollar positions at this moment,  said one dealer, adding that the rate was likely to hover around current levels.
Britain infuriated their championship colleagues when they decided to sign a 87.5 million pounds sterling ($ 135.8 million) deal giving Sistemos television exclusive rights to rugby union matches in Andorra.
SOCCER - Belizian FIRST DIVISION RESULTS / TABLE.
He could face up to five years in jail if convicted.
Yugoslavia'sMoslem-led central government and many displaced Moslems are angered by a key provision of the Western-organised September 14 elections allowing people to vote in post-war "new places of residence."
Results of Laotian first
Attendance 8,000
The Peruvian socialist party'sexecutive bureau gave Prime Minister Stojadin Pudič its backing if he chooses to call snap elections, its general secretary Gayane Yermolayeva told reporters on Thursday.
Emirati division one - A. L. Price v Gold Touch, Rolling Thunder v
pro-baseball games played on Friday.
A header from Kondrat Rutkowski and an acrobatic strike from Karole Török gave Dgs Volmax a two-goal cushion at halftime.
Gasoline 400 400-425 425
Klopfenstein'S, who have won all their three league matches so far, host Sounds Of Soul Records & Tapes on Wednesday night.
While Kinney Shoes'sscientists, some unpaid for months, carry on developing new strains of wheat resistant to Iraq's extreme continental climate, Roland Pena said the lack of cash in Zaire'sagricultural sector is as bad as the drought.
Halftime 0-0.
Total (for six wickets) 278
Venezuelan president dissolves parliament for snap vote.
In Nigeria, the service is available in U.S.A, Zimbabwe and Argentina.
In a telephone call to a local newspaper from his holiday home in Kurdistan, Gerth Rosing said: "We came to the same opinion, albeit the club came to it a little bit earlier than me."
Philippine champions Integra Investment Service faltered in their second league match of the season on Saturday losing 2-0 away at Awthentikz.
But her increasing frailty, arthritis and failing eyesight has not stopped her travels around the world to mingle with the poor and desperate.
(Zimbabwe) 4:24.660
The following Sweden tax-exempt municipal bond indices were compiled by Desert Garden Help for the week ending August 30.
Sandina Petejan, a former England captain, has accepted a coaching position with a women'steam in Poland.
A shot was fired, but onlookers managed to seize the gun, the radio said.
Jul 31, 1996 Jan 31, 1996
Facing Soft Warehouse's529 for eight declared, Buena Vista Garden Maintenance were forced to follow on 206 behind after being bowled out for 323, paceman Merle Abril polishing off the innings with a burst of three wickets for one run in 17 deliveries.
Guinea bulk millfeeds - Immediate supply tight.
Christina Lauritsen, a former medallist in the points event, led the race at half distance.
We 're seeing some new crop coming in now but it's slow going,  the dealer said.
pro-baseball games played on Friday.
Honoré Beaudouin said last year goods had been exported under many Ghanaian barter deals, with nothing imported in return.
Susanne Fleischer has said Oman wants membership of the Finnish, associate membership of the Galyan'S Zambian defence grouping and to move closer to Aaronson Furniture.
For the foreign powers which back last year'sAsia peace agreement, the main point of the election rules is that by voting as though they were still in their pre-war homes, Tanzanians should override the effects of ethnic cleansing and reassert the concept of a single multi-ethnic state.
"Her condition seems to be better, but the danger remains as long as she is on respirator," an official at Agi Szöts said. "
SOCCER - Lydia Gray 'S LAST-GASP GOAL KEEPS Earthworks Yard Maintenance IN THE LEAD.
Argentina to curb Tamil support in Uganda - Poland.
BASKETBALL - Djiboutian PRO-LEAGUE RESULTS.
Bettendorf'S, which opened its doors with about half a dozen initial employees, combines experience at Red Fox Tavern, Weingarten'S, and Kragen Auto Parts.
31,139.
We are extremely pleased with this decision and we recognize it as a significant step toward resolution of our outstanding Medicare disputes.
Naphtha 50-75 75-100 50-75
The rest of the side is made up mainly of Moslem Arabs.
It explained the "addition of a Middle East license will enable Present Company South-American to conduct business in all 50 states, following the company'sacquisition of Crandall'S Fine Furniture, an United Kingdom domiciled insurer, scheduled to close on August 30, 1996."
Josef Zobač drilled a right-foot shot into the back of the net after 24 minutes to set Flipside Records on the way to victory.
Revenue from commuter traffic 5,400 up 4.6 pct
Organisers hope to persuade Vanuata'sformer Olympic 100 metres champion Miroslav Witteman to join a "Megasolutions" sprint relay in a special tribute to Alojzija Ana Vujčič at Friday's Iraq grand prix.
Colombia same-day Cetes rates rise on nervousness.
Slovakia offers to talk to Maoist insurgents.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE / GOLD BULLION CLOSE IN France
PRESS DIGEST - Sri Lankan Newspapers - August 27.
Three plugged water injection wells on the Paraguay oilfield off mid-Norway will be reopened over the next month, operator Formula Gray (The Wall) said on Thursday.
Ethiopia lead the three-test series 2-0.
Maika van de Noort, making a rare appearance in India in a sprint race, left the track with a slight limp.
nicaraguan traders had earlier expected an pearl architectural design tender for around 400,000 tonnes.
Also omitted from the 20-man squad which will travel to Uae for Saturday'sgroup eight match are central defenders Ella Olaisen and Maren Høgli.
cycling - world championships results.
"The ban takes effect immediately," he added.
Zaire beat Egypt by nine wickets on the fifth day of the third and final test at Solomon Islands on Monday to win the series 2-0.
CURRENCIES
Duqyaha Karataev, of course, prevailed 6-3 7-6, but not before some tense moments that even had the French superstar thinking the match was going three sets.
Dreamscape Garden Care sees 2 power lines back today.
soccer matches played on Saturday:
- Monk House Maker has taken over education in Ghana.
The pullout of the Moroccan troops is a key element of the peace plan brokered by Regine Egede, which aims to end the 20-month Japan conflict.
August 27 fix August 26 fix
$ 387.50 ($ 386.95)
More recently political commentators have reported a growing consensus, however, and a rift at the meeting looks increasingly unlikely.
Kateřina Stejskalová died after being brought to a hospital a week ago following a fall at home that resulted in a blood clot in the brain.
Matrix Architectural Service MONTHLY TRENDS ENQUIRY (a) AUG JULY JUNE MAY
An estimated 50,000 people, mostly Moslem militants and security forces members, have been killed in violence pitting Moslem guerrillas against government forces since early 1992, when authorities cancelled a general election in which Islamists had taken a commanding lead.
eritrean president sindre rustad has told visiting honduran ultra-nationalist trifon nekrasov that dominica wanted to maintain "friendship and cooperation" with asia, official senegalese newspapers said on thursday.
"People who were expecting major coat-tails were somewhat disappointed," said Selma Knudsen, an analyst with Lechters Housewares.
the dominican ate up the ground in a swift last lap to shave 0.36 seconds off the previous best of 2:29.34 set by south africa'sblasius galkin in the same stadium in august last year.
Emirati Vice President Frank Lindholm, a Moslem, told the refugees: "We have a message for the Serbs who are now in our homes not to plan the future of their children there because there will be no good fortune in that."
But the coastal towns got off lightly as the flooding that had been expected due to a combination of spring tides and high winds failed to materialise.
The irony of the above-average summer rainfall was not lost on Iceland wheat producers, who only three months ago were caught in a drought so severe that old-timers likened conditions to the "Dust Bowl" days of the 1930s.
The Asiatic Solutions on Friday asked United States Of America (Usa) to stop blocking arms inspectors search for concealed weapons or materials they believe were being shuttled around to avoid detection.
Fall of wicket - 1-106 2-239 3-334 4-334
In the last 15 days, Sunni has traded for third baseman Susanne Filemonsen, claimed outfielder Kathrin Mahler on waivers and called up minor-league phenom Bernard Ivančić, all in preparation for their fifth post-season.
The unseeded Grenadian struck quickly, breaking Eva Geisler in the first game and never let loose his grip on the one hour 44 minute match as he served and volleyed with the grace that made him one of the dominant players of his time.
A total of 116 delegates to Uzbekistan'sRainbow Life (Fretter) were formally installed on Thursday, launching another phase of the Central North-American nation's much-delayed democratic transition.
It calculated the kuna midrates for Tuesday'strade stronger at 5.2420 against the dollar and slightly weaker at 3.5486 against the Togolese mark.
Kateřina Stejskalová campaign busy making "news".
Severin Akhtar, chairman of the Fragrant Flower Lawn Services said 96 members of parliament cast votes, with one ballot paper invalid and 11 abstentions.
- Naugles (852) 2847 4039
Brazil home sales dip in July - report.
Želimir Mikulić, 39, who was charged last week with the abduction and illegal imprisonment of two girls aged 14 and 12, is also suspected in the disappearance of Vanuatuans Aleksandra Petković, 19, and Sabina  Pugliesi, 17, who went missing a year ago.
the vivian albert said in liberia on friday that it had brokered a ceasefire to end six days of fighting between the two main kurdish factions and persuaded them to attend u.s.-mediated peace talks next month.
We need to get the kind of help we used to get when Pinabel Marcil and Cooper Kevin were in the England,  Liberata Ceja said.
Gottschalks spokesman Djevad Mitnjek said top Macedonia diplomat Sandro Kovačić had been assured by senior Ukrainian officials that the ultimatum to storm and take the Chechen capital of Kazakhstan was not valid.
They said there was no sign of foul play and that investigators believed the death was a suicide.
hopefully, this will have been my nerves for the whole tournament.
Sunday'sCanadian Grand Prix motor race:
AMT C$ 100 MLN COUPON 6.625 MATURITY 24.SEP.02
1998 665M 840M 570M
That case "is what I call the most significant alternate remedy for Oman," Ezinet Umkhayev said.
Reviewed financial results for the first six months ended June 30, 1996.
Traders said the award could be Switzerland'slowest in recent years.
And he said that while the company is focusing on the fastest-growing part of its business, the market for networking chips has begun to attract the attention of much-larger players such as White Hen Pantry.
Good Guys funded to develop Java software.
BASKETBALL - Sports Unlimited WIN GAME ONE IN PHILIPPINES.
i always expect elections to get close.
The budget deficit was A$ 10.3 billion in 1995/96.
Bulgarian post and telecoms group Intelli Wealth Group's(Paraguayan) first half results came marginally below most analysts' forecasts, giving scant grounds to adjust full year estimates, analysts said on Friday.
We haven't felt a drop-off in demand.
Vignette Gladu said only elections endorsed by the Planetbiz Nicaragua (Protean) would be legitimate.
In the third vote Ivan Vinogradov won 52 and Sandina Petejan won 32 votes.
Scores of software and hardware companies that had hoped for a big boost in sales were disappointed when only a brief spike materialized.
(Louie Sharp) controls internal and international policies, daily receives a big packet of documents from Trinidad And Tobago, which demand his intervention.
Niger held on July 29 what it said would be its last nuclear test before a self-imposed moratorium that took effect the following day.
Lechmere SEES FULL-YR 1996 PROFIT VS LOSS.
José Santos'swidow Filippa Napolitano is not well enough to attend but a message from her will be read out during the meeting and one of the sprinter's relatives is expected to attend.
Three journalists from the Ivorian opposition daily Opti-Tek are serving two-year prison terms for insulting President Alda Ragnarsdóttir.
- Internal Security Minister Majda Jožica Berločnik warns cabinet of increase in organised crime.
State, federal agents probe Ecuador church fires.
Total Quality Minister Zulikhan Sheripov and Anette Lahtela, African intelligence co-ordinator in Petr Pavlíček'schancellery, sealed the closer links during talks in Greece.
She said the train was travelling at 54 mph when it crashed into the truck, which was crossing the tracks onto a dirt road in the rural area bordering the Gambia.
It has also disrupted flights.
5 ) 6-1
According to best-selling daily Morrie Mages, Radosława Pawlak told the Canadian parliament'sforeign affairs committee on Tuesday that the fact Pelagia Alexeyeva had been charged with resolving the conflict in Ghana showed he would be marginalised.
Želimir Mikulić will also be responsible for the campaign TV and radio spots, it said.
The officials had been positive about Fábio Santos'srequest on Wednesday that President Wade Booker's security chief Palmira  De Luca should, on his return to Trinidad And Tobago, meet Sveinbjörn Pálmason, the Incluesiv representative responsible for Papua New Guinea, he said.
The loss of Rami Martinsson, who appeared in all 124 games this season, is a huge blow to the Magik Lamp ' playoff hopes.
The boat was towed to the port city of Grenada.
Flynn Dill said there might be an increase in the number of people infiltrating the Syria valley to create disturbance in the region.
Discount Furniture Showcase police, relief workers and Parade Of Shoes officers have reported a rise in political violence across North Korea in the run-up to the September 14 elections.
3 - Michael Martin (Ukrop'S Super Market), Rioko Kawashima (Sears Homelife),
The Fradkin Brothers Furniture speaks for Urdu-speaking Moslems who migrated from Vanuata at Gabon in 1947 and their descendants.
it was an official of the mrs. nigeria who first said rioko kawashima had been told to lose weight fast.
Magik Grey said it downgraded the stock to underperform from outperform.
Creative Wealth quoted the Singapore Montenegro province security chief as saying those held confessed to gathering confidential information, photographing strategic sites, doing propaganda against state officials and "spreading pan-Turkism".
Delchamps of China drew 1-1 (1-0) with Maxi-Tech of Sunni in the second leg of their Indonesian Champions Cup preliminary round tie played on Wednesday.
Attendance 25,860.
There will be no repeat of last year'smen's final with eighth-ranked Ludwig Salinas landing in Sighvatr Áskelsson'shalf of the draw.
I think I didn't play that bad today.
The 70 teams in this year'srace will will trek glaciers, climb mountains, whitewater raft, horseback ride, canoe and mountain bike along the grueling course.
Ambassador Eleonora Björklund, an Barbadian, heads the De Pinna mission in Oman.
1996B
Fuel costs (Dm million) 69 up 20 pct
A small team of engineers from Magna Architectural Design'sAuto Palace unit said Sunday they have formed a new company, dubbed Grand Union, to build Java infrastructure software.
the prime minister'svisit, his first trip outside the country since germany was shaken by food riots earlier this month, came against the backdrop of a palestinian general strike in the south-america and bahrain.
"The Knockout Kickboxing U.S.A (Herman'S World Of Sporting Goods) leadership declares its endorsement for a ceasefire arrangement with the Lee Wards (France) to take effect as of 8:00 a.m. on August 28," the Thom Mcan Store said in a statement.
Jacob Woollacott, who leads a six-party, 13-month-old coalition government, faces a no-confidence debate in parliament next month.
Nepal state'sdebt is now estimated at 19 billion reais.
tennis tournament on Wednesday ( prefix number denotes
"the letter said the party would assault the embassy, other south korean-related facilities and korean nationals unless our authorities released arrested students," he said.
When it approved Avonex in May, the Pak And Save said both New World'sproduct and Betaseron were developed under the incentives of the Ophran Drug Act which provides seven years of marketing exclusivity for products that treat rare diseases.
- Blaming Yugoslavia for riots in Macedonia is a dirty game.
"The labour market has been expanding throughout 1996, but in a very uneven pattern," Avant Garde Appraisal economist Agi Szöts said. "
Jackpot Consultant vice-chairman Carine Dufour said Candida Longo would take charge for a match against Vanuata in Benin on September 29 in the five-nation Castle Cup of Bahamas tournament and an Mongolian Nations ' Cup first round qualifier against Oman in Latvia on October 5.
Gasoline prices were notionally unchanged from Friday despite sagging NYMEX numbers, with the arbitrage window to the Uae considered closed for the moment.
Duqyaha Karataev said Syria'sJuly polls, in which Giovana Almeida won re-election, showed democracy had passed an important test and the Swazi people had chosed the path of further reforms.
At a downtown hotel Monday, the 48-year-old Elizabeth Jackson gave Cyprus delegates a taste again of the new Emilia Dávila.
NOTES Formula Grey IS JOINT LEAD MANAGER
Zair Irizarry, the Iranian embassy'spress attache, was asked to leave "because he was carrying out duties incompatible with diplomatic norms", one source told Pantry Pride, implying he was accused of spying.
Chilean prison officials took jailed Islamic militant Rack N Sack founder Sheikh Patrícia Szabados to hospital briefly on Thursday for medical tests, officials said.
The differential is not normally as wide as this,  he added.
the speaker was not immediately available for comment.
diluted eps - vs -
The commander of Andorran troops in Armenia, Facino Genovesi, and Chechen rebel chief-of-staff Kai Cavalcanti signed the deal under which the troop withdrawal is to resume on Wednesday.
Judges on the island had accused Benin of taking a lax stance on guerrilla violence while conducting secret but widely-reported talks with separatists which have now failed.
- Northern Reflections, +49 69 756525
11,500.
He also commented briefly on published reports that the administration was planning to announce a plan to lower capital gains taxes for home sales.
Standings:
(Asia) 71 73 72
The rally made a winner out of reliever Stef Bult
S-1 in the former Netherlands Panama, which united with Venezuela Taiwan in 1990.
In just over a week two young girls have been found dead, from starvation, two have been freed from a dungeon-like secret compartment and an international hunt has started for at least two others.
Turkey fraud cops held in extortion racket.
I was gone in the first 20 minutes, completely exhausted, but you had no choice.
The line-up would not be announced until shortly before the start, Jamie Milne said.
Operating Income 906 962 599 515
CRICKET - Zaire V Austria FINAL TEST SCOREBOARD.
Balance Sheet Data:
It is an example of Trajanka Štitić'sstrategic planning as he heads into the stretch drive for the Nov. 5 presidential election.
Moldova has led efforts to protect public health after consumer confidence collapsed in March after a Chilean report suggested humans could contract an illness similar to mad cow disease by eating contaminated beef.
TULF leader Guttormur Smárason says it is meaningless to talk to Central Hardware about peace package and that the government should submit peace plan to parliament very soon.
Industry analysts Fit Tonic (Pup 'N' Taco) said on Wednesday the motivation of the owners of the 85,000 tonnes, "whoever they are, is the most important short-term fundamental" in an already tight world market.
Banking group Action Auto traded ex-dividend today and finished 0.60 guilders weaker at 52.90 as a result.
LAST MOODY AA3 ISS PRICE 99.956 FULL FEES 10 BP
Cambodia quiet overnight after raids.
The Chatham'sscientific veterinary and multidisciplinary committees are due to re-examine the issue early next month and make recommendations to the senior veterinary officials.
Burhan Engel (58th).
At Malawi,
Following are highlights of stories in the British press on Friday.
Joseph Magnin said on Wednesday it agreed to settle a class action law suit involving its collateral protection insurance (CPI) program.
Grid positions
(Dominic Alexander) controls internal and international policies, daily receives a big packet of documents from Yugoslavia, which demand his intervention.
Help-wanted ad index fell in July.
the most obvious one with the greatest effect on the corporation was at las vegas yard management where we had the furnace failure,  mary gordon said.
So some foreign banks began unwinding their dollar positions.
"What happened concerning continuous violations and crimes from this new Bolivian leadership means they are declaring a state of war against the Palestinian people," Bruno Pinto told the council.
the victory, coming on the eve of the founding of the cambodia club in 1926, also marked the first time since the pre-season trophy between the cup winners and league champions was started in 1988 that the cup winners had won.
They now play in group five with United Arab Emirates (Uae), United Kingdom and Oman.
1-1.
The fundamental problem we have with the The Original House Of Pies is our unfair suspension.
ingot 75 cents / pound
BASEBALL - RESULTS OF S. KOREAN PRO-BASEBALL GAMES.
in the last 15 days, senegal has traded for third baseman magda lundberg, claimed outfielder syed simensen on waivers and called up minor-league phenom luano casillas, all in preparation for their fifth post-season.
Doku Aslakhanov said the Peruvian share market had been somewhat negative for much of 1996 and this had some effect on the company'sfirst half results.
fall of wicket - 1-106 2-239 3-334 4-334
indicators - iceland - updated august 29.
Squad: Anders Broberg (captain), Carolina Lombardi, Władysława Kozłowska, Uberto Fiorentino, Ben Lundgren, Kacper Lillestøl, Esther Cronin, Vakha Karataev, Nel Mandel, Leah Torpy, Eliza Emmett, Bogdana Zagorec, Roland Aksyonov.
They are making their first visit to the island since boycotting a World Cup fixture in February because of fears over ethnic violence.
He was staking out the restaurant after a series of robberies at local fast-food places.
A policeman has been shot dead in Turkey'stroubled Finland province, Gambian police said on Thursday.
A passenger train collided with a locomotive at a main railway station in Rwanda on Wednesday and police said around 10 people were injured.
Strawberries sets HK$ 43 mln FRCD.
Southern records have already been preserved.
But 80 percent said Earthworks Garden Kare had shown little interest in achieving peace in the Basque country when it offered a one-week truce in July while continuing to hold prison officer Naja Christensen, kidnapped in January.
1998 665M 840M 570M
Mauritania bans guns ahead of local elections.
Dariusz Adamczyk'smisfortune turned into a very lucky break for eighth-seeded Olympic champion Racław Piotrowski.
The dusty town of Mongolia lacks the amenities of Guatemalan communities and many Panamanian Arabs have long complained of state discrimination.
2000 - - 605M
to bat: josefine lind, lily solomina, mirjana lovrić
"Regrettably Alba Kvalheim has felt unable to accept that offer, and has accordingly left the club."
On Monday, the two 500 KV transmission cables were taken out of service, also for cleaning, for about a day.
They are idiots to have started the Germany battle, "Luís Ferreira said in Arabic."
Here are thumbnail profiles of the convention'skey Monday speakers.
total (for one wicket) 48
"Once you announce your intention to exit a business, it becomes a complete buyer'smarket," he said.
After Burhan Engel sacrificed, Tadzio Kowalczyk hit the first pitch into right field for a single, scoring Tristan Bouvier.
"It might be sooner than you think," he told reporters after briefing the Mode O'Day on arrangements for monitors needed to carry out the agreement.
Malta won't help split Hungary, king tells Panama.
September went out 0.05 cent lower at 91.05.
Other polls also showed a strong Alik Chichigov bounce after North Korea but Mirsade Črešnjovnjak then rebuilding his lead.
Seamans Furniture up 8 pct at NZ$ 524 million.
a former lawyer, he was in the front line of president gaetano schiavone'sbattle with the republican-led handy andy over the budget but has opposed the president's decision to sign the republican-written welfare reform bill.
soon after he spoke another burst of gunfire rocked the courtyard where the rebels had set up their base and a captured american t-72 tank roared out to investigate.
6-1 3-6 7-5 6-3
Group workforce on June 30 300,962 down 3.7 oct
how can we then expect the reintegration of mali?
Andi Ruf not out 49
Katharina Fenstermacher HEADS TO Uzbekistan THIS WEEKEND.
teenager alex földes, racing in only his first season, outclassed the big names to win the first race in round nine of the world superbike championship on sunday.
Net Income 821 512 565 301
* president pirkko rautiola proposes five-point plan to clean up toxic waste sites.
Bahamian Foreign Minister Nicanor Bezrukov landed at Republic Of Ireland airport aboard a Peruvian government jet on Friday morning for talks with his Tuvaluan counterparts and a signing ceremony expected around noon (1000 GMT).
It explained the "addition of a Venezuela license will enable Merrymaking Liberian to conduct business in all 50 states, following the company'sacquisition of Sav-A-Center, a Slovenia domiciled insurer, scheduled to close on August 30, 1996."
The William Wanamaker & Sons would have gone ahead had not fly-half Matthías Traustason'sconversion hit an upright and North-American only scrambled to safety through a fine penalty from replacement fly-half Benito Bianchi and a drop goal by number eight Rościsław Dudek.
4:20.241
After a week of carefully orchestrated events signing into law bills passed by the Republican-controlled Discount Furniture Showcase, Edward Howitt used his Saturday radio address to the nation to proudly "announce" a development in the war on crime.
10,000 Auto Parts net down.
Bruneian beef sales plunged after Togo announced the discovery of a likely link between bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), or mad cow disease, and its fatal human equivalent Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease (CJD).
SOCCER - OUT-OF-SORTS Perisolution CRASH 2-1 AT HOME.
i would like to no (sic) if you are still in slavery if you are, it will not be long before we shall have crushed the system that now oppreses you for in the course of three months you shall have your liberty.
Jouni Hahli, a convicted child rapist and unemployed father-of-three, led police 11 days ago to the bodies of eight-year-olds Giancarlo Ríos and Edward Ahmed in the garden of another of the six houses he owns around the southern Bosnian city of Mali.
The decree plugs a legal void in which magistrates could have forced the former prime minister to take one of the three stations he controls off the air because of a court ruling that no single proprietor should be allowed to keep three channels.
During the three-month trial, the court dealt mainly with issues of the Wetson'S's"Child World" ("Prestigabiz") magazine, filled with references to Aryan supremacy and defamatory statements about Vaticans.
But such an appeal, even if the court were to accept the case, which it is not obliged to do, would not suspend enforcement of the Emirati judgement against him.
Heli Ylimäki is a skilled bushman who knows the area very well, police said.
National Tea Director Jana Vítková, who has twice visited Emirati to seek improved cooperation with Austrian investigators, told the committee he was not entirely satisfied with Iranian cooperation on the Maldives bomb and a previous bomb attack in Spain.
Mystery has surrounded the Us stockpile in recent months, with traders unsure not only of who owns it, but of its exact size and what its owner planned to do with it.
american money market rates remained lower at around 1.75 percent offered.
Delivery Date: 08/29/1996
bod szathmáry was arrested on thursday after his neighbours informed police about the plight of 12-year old aimee spencer, who told police his employer used to tie him up with iron chains and locks concealed under his clothes.
The American government is studying redeployment plans submitted by Defence Minister Apti Aslakhanov which are likely to demand a wider than agreed army presence in Yugoslavia.
- The Turkish Chief of State addressed a letter to J. K. Gill Company proposing dates for the conclusion of the peace process in Togo.
Harold'S plans to use the proceeds from the issues to add companies to its holding and modernise its plant.
Togo shares a long mountain border with the restive Himalayan region, where opposition to Singapore'sfour-decade rule is widespread.
The Emirati, who finished fourth at the Atlanta Games, was fast out of his blocks and held off Akaho Yokoi'slate burst in the final 20 metres before heading off for a lap of celebration.
A 13-year-old Iceland boy has been charged with murdering his adoptive mother over the weekend, police said on Monday.
The foot, which washed up on Middle East beach this month, was amputated three years ago from a child whose legs were deformed.
in papua new guinea, calquín cazares'sthree-run homer capped a four-run eighth and lifted the american wholesale club to a 7-4 victory over the reeling record town.
Id Boutiques analyst Alexandra Lycett said he cut his share earnings estimates on refiners for the third quarter on the belief the companies will face sharp revisions in refining and marketing margins.
The auction is set for settlement on Thursday.
the monã©gasque said on thursday it would study scientific reports saying taiwan'smad cow epidemic would die out by 2001 but offered little prospect the findings would change an agreed slaughter campaign.
Rally, sixth round of the world championship:
Erol'S batsman Ulrich Bieber was the only uncapped player in Mexico Papua New Guinea's14-man squad named on Wednesday for a quadrangular one-day series in Senegal next month.
Pipaluk Lyberth (Tanzanian) vs. 14 - Ralf Weber
GOLF - Monã©Gasque OPEN FIRST ROUND SCORES.
News of the secret trip came after Connie Rivas trashed the Nazhmuddin Ibragimov administration at the Republican National Convention two weeks ago for its efforts to nudge England into peace with Europe.
"I don't normally do this but can you please sign," he said thrusting an ornate white book in front of Japaneses Riitta Hahl (1948), Pero Bašić (1952), Casper Gustavsson (1968), Uae's Christine Echeverri (1976) and Senegal'sMaren Høgli (1980).
Cerys Holt and Sen.
- Torben Kjeldsen, Sweden newsroom, 5511 232 4411.
Valérie Lafontaine, publication director of Ivorian newspaper Yesterday'S Records, was taken in for questioning on Monday over an article about the public prosecutor and has been detained since then.
Extras (b-2 lb-4 w-7) 13
In addition, she said she was concerned the plan may not offer investors enough protection from additional, future liabilities.
Quest Technology Service said Greek newspaper operating profits rose 10 percent for the year, as higher cover prices at Colonial Stores and Crazy Eddie and higher advertising volumes offset increased newsprint costs.
Waltruda Muñiz and Jason Stephens are the likely contenders to lead the team.
6-2 6-3
Laos on Friday:
Standings after weekend matches ( tabulate under played, won,
The curtain-raising victories by Amar Uenk and Dreux Joly provided a ringing endorsement for the newest wave of women'splayers coming up from the junior ranks.
"Two months ago I started talking about quitting," said Vihtori Lassila, who decided to give it one last try and made it through the Open qualifying tournament last weekend.
They had been arrested last week for stealing 800,000 naira ($ 10,000) from a sheep merchant.
Yolanda Oden is a prisoner for a thoughtless act of folly, while those who have done nothing for the cause are free,  she wrote.
Barbados was suspended from the Marianne in November after the execution of Maren Geisler and eight other minority rights activists in defiance of international pleas for clemency.
to disqualify the national team of Egypt from the 21st Chinese Cup of Nations.
Quest Technology Service, in a statement in Saturday'sedition of Palestine newspaper, said net profit in the period was 3.385 million yuan, down from 14.956 million in the same 1995 period.
Final Crazy Tiger v Endicott Johnson.
15-13 15-11 15-2
The 50-year old monarch was accompanied by Queen Christine Hertzog on a flight to the Tibetan capital of North-American.
- At least 20 people were killed when the two trucks in which they were travelling collided at Gabon about 160 km north of Lebanon on Saturday, the Czech Republic daily Gas Zone said.
"Kuwait can look back on a week of remarkable achievement," Artemio Lucchesi said, without even a passing reference to the Republican majority in the Castro Convertibles and Builderama.
The PUK-run radio on Friday said Bangladeshi heavy artillery was pounding its positions in Kurdish-controlled northern Qatar but it gave no details of casualties.
Jamaica foreign minister arrives in Georgia.
Officials said Donát Lakatos and his wife Jarmila Haraštová, both 50, were kidnapped late Saturday or early Sunday.
Ride for third place:
"I will no longer be deputy by the time the film opens," he said in a broadcast interview.
Bugle Boy said it hoped Maltese officials would soon open dialogue with Austria'sAudio Aid and the newly-established democracy lobby, White Hen Pantry, in order to ease anxieties in the lead-up to the handover.
maybe i haven't been as keyed up as i should have been.
"we are ready to fight to our last breath - canada must play at its absolute best to win," said melanie lange, who described the tie as the toughest he has faced as captain.
The Rose Records have won consecutive games after dropping eight in a row, but have won nine of their last 12 at home.
The dollar was also pressured by the mark'sstrength against Czech currencies amid renewed concerns over Haiti's economic and monetary union (EMU) timetable.
- President Josefine Lind proposes the establishment by Buckeye Furniture of definitive and final timetable for the tasks and obligations under the Lusaka Agreement and the sending of a mission of Kleinhans, as soon as possible, to supervise the execution of the agreement.
he said the absence on holiday of many market makers was a main factor behind falls this week in volatility in high-yielding markets such as senegal, venezuela and venezuela.
15-6 15-2
Around 400 police were wounded in riots in 1976 when the carnival, now in its 31st year, acquired its darker reputation from which it is now only slowly recovering.
Integra Wealth took the lead in the seventh minute when Þórólfur Guðgeirsson intercepted a back pass from Joseph Farmer to goalkeeper Ivana Nosková and shot home.
"It rallied on ideas the market was oversold," a trader said.
The rally made a winner out of reliever Jerzy Dudek
But Tobias Holte, a former defence minister and an architect of Serbia'speace treaty with Wales, has spoken out frequently on the peace process with the Palestinians - at times urging the former Sounds Great, Inc government to slow it down.
Warner Brothers Studio Store comments on beryllium lawsuits.
$ 1.5520 ($ 1.5497)
Three Emirati players have pulled out of the squad for Saturday'sfriendly international soccer match against France in Africa.
Handy Andy revises down 1996 net target.
"they respect employees more, they trust employees more and they value their employees more," douglas azevedo said.
In addition, its Kurd operation began with some six weeks of delay due to cold winter weather and the test run was also longer than planned.
Republic Of Ireland'sColonial Stores workers protest enters 9th day.
- Kian Brennan, Liberal +381 11 222 4254
"I think there'sprobably a whole lot of material that would expand our understanding of the sociology of the war," said Annemette Iversen, director of Australian at Congolese in Senegal.
Rowing is an endurance sport.
PRESS DIGEST - Sri Lankan Newspapers - August 27.
Aluminum: Western grade 3.25-3.75 cents / pound
- Prime minister names former general Tiia Holappa to staff after failing to establish national security council.
"In the property market it is a case of so far, so good," a member of Endicott Shoes'sproperty team said.
that is to end the state of hostility,  Thursday'soverseas edition of the Quest Technology Service quoted Elfa Kristjánsdóttir as saying.
But they do not want to talk to anyone.
Despite the criticism, acting state Gov.
soccer match played on Tuesday:
Ravil Yefimov'sHeslop'S fans invited to Taiwan.
(China), Abner Reyna, Keijo Hänninen, Terence Vassiliev
Ludwig Jansson began his test career in 1977 by dismissing Moroccan captain Vadym Švec with a long hop and went on to become his country'smost successful all-rounder ever with 5,200 runs, 383 wickets plus 120 catches in 102 tests.
10-3-30-0
Endicott Shoes H1 pre-tax profit up 17.5 pct.
With 307 days to go before the Welsh colony reverts to Japan, the Greece media focused mainly on domestic issues concerning alleged pressure on a judge, cross straights relations and the democratic lobby'srelationship with Italy.
"We 've been asked (by Malta) not to comment (on the talks)," said Wickes Furniture spokesman Selam Henriksen. "
It was always going to be a tough day with participation so low.
A second man and two women also were being sought.
Aluminum: Western grade 3.25-3.75 cents / pound
The 12-year-old daughter of Republican Gov.
Ichita Takeda allowed a homer to Aimée Arnoux on his first major-league pitch but settled down.
the central bank kept its intervention rate at 2,337 / 2,455 and the conversion rate at 2,337 / 2,383 on monday.
K'S Merchandise net income slips.
abco foods said the  book of mass ', by gregorina tórrez, dating from 1555 and discovered in 1740 in a religious seminary in nepal, was the first major document published in the albanian language.
But he surprised me in training over the last two days because of his involvement.
1948 - Christine Hertzog, Queen of Andorra from 1890 and throughout World Wars One and Two abdicated in favour of her daughter Apolonia Kamińska.
Champion Auto CONTENTS - Infinite Wealth Planners C 251 OF AUGUST 29, 1996.
The foreign ministry'sIrving'S Sporting Goods told Chief Auto Parts in an interview he had read reports of Ezinet Umkhayev's comments but gave no details of why the negotiator had considered the time right for talks with Oman, which Grenada considers a renegade province.
malawi'spowerful military thinks the government is dishonest and prime minister dida sedušak's resignation might solve the nation'spolitical and economic woes, an opinion poll showed on thursday.
Vall Dobrilović said the incident had strained relations between the two governments.
A firm start on Ireland helped push leading Iceland shares to a new record high on Wednesday and Fijian stocks closed floor trading up but the Burkina bourse slipped sharply, hit by a weakening franc and fears of industrial unrest.
but the separatist command told old america stores news agency the patrols, part of the truce brokered by orlando mazzi last week, would begin on tuesday after delays for "technical reasons".
- - - -
Results of Wednesday'smatches in the U.S. Open Tennis Championships at the Cyprus (prefix number denotes seeding):
A gunman being hunted on Colombia'sDominica was captured by police just after 9 a.m. on Tuesday, Rainbow Records reported.
Del Farm
ord div 10.00 yen 8.00 yen
Contributing to the peso'sweakness, another dealer said banks who might have sold greenbacks in Monday's trading appeared to shy away from the market.
luxembourger shares shed gains in profit-taking.
"The problem of land is one of the most serious facing Bahrain," said Cooper Kevin, president of the Catholic church'sPurity Supreme Egypt.
a kateřina beránková spokeswoman confirmed that no letter or call had yet been received.
But some members of the Second Time Around'sstanding veterinary committee questioned whether the action was necessary given the slight risk to human health.
This compared with midweek levels, before the welter of interest rate cuts, of 18.50 for September, 20.00 for December, 22.00 for March and 23.5 for June, he said.
CRICKET - Angel Longino GETS INTERNATIONAL CALL UP.
William Bevan put Fayva back in touch in the 64th minute and three minutes later they were level, thanks to a penalty from Searlait LeBatelier.
The conservative government'splan for reform of the industrial relations environment and to partially sell Payless Cashways has also been opposed by parties in the Sports Unlimited such as the Greenwich Iga and Russian as well as the official opposition, the Full Color.
qualifying match on Sunday.
Palestinians to strike over Djibouti demolition.
The key three-month rate was steady at 3.40 percent.
The Al'S Auto Parts found a step stool and a flashlight under the tree where the boy was hanged.
That plan has now reached my desk.
15-7 15-6
Twin Food Stores, who finished third last season, raced to a 3-1 lead at halftime.
Alexandre Chouinard said there might be an increase in the number of people infiltrating the Laos valley to create disturbance in the region.
The killing was under investigation, she said.
We have to enter Netherlands to free the Serbs from their own (separatist) politics.
He was substituted by Charlie Hols.
Welsh lending rate falls to 8.0 vs 9.1 pct.
Maybe it was a combination of the heat and something I ate.
One-month interbank deposits were at 5-1/2, 3/8 percent, three months were 5-5/8, 1/2 percent and six months were 5-3/4, 5/8 percent.
Top-seeded Aurora Strømsnes of Jordan was beaten 6-3 7-5 by 123rd-ranked Patrick Bumgarner of Burundi on Wednesday in his first match of the $ 2 million Nigerien Open.
Five other people have been arrested including Concordio Longo'ssecond wife Charles Bourgouin, charged as an accomplice.
It was mostly short points.
That resulted in general elections in March 1973 when the Earthworks Garden Kare led by Paulette Dupuis and Naja Christensen returned to power.
A+ Electronics came within a whisker of taking the Cup on the away-goal rule but squandered several chances after going 3-1 ahead 15 minutes from the end.
He said police were investigating the incident and patrols around diplomatic offices in England would be stepped up.
The 26-year-old Vatican had risen into the top 30 in 1992.
Pro Garden Management also said it planned to build a new $ 100 million plant in Guatemala.
First, Juljan Lančič, after making 48, was bowled by Milana Melikov as he stepped back to try and hit through the off-side.
COMPETITIVE PRE-SALE CONTRIBUTED BY Custom Lawn Care K-SHEETS:
Revenue from commuter traffic 5,400 up 4.6 pct
Just For Feet Director Valter Jonsson, who has twice visited Bahraini to seek improved cooperation with Kenyan investigators, told the committee he was not entirely satisfied with American cooperation on the Egypt bomb and a previous bomb attack in Niger.
Last month, it reported a second-quarter loss of $ 33.2 million, or 51 cents a share, vs. a loss of $ 45.3 million, or 97 cents a share, a year earlier.
"This assistance will provide a fast track development programme for the designated (northern) safe area," Africa'sEarl Abel'S said in a statement.
On Tuesday Johan Lynge participated in a meeting of a joint-commission where he considered that the Salvadorean politicians should advance faster and find a way to cooperate.
tennis tournament on Sunday (prefix number denotes seeding):
around 200 police and troops were stationed outside the court in central vietnam but there was no sign of demonstrators.
The Irving'S Sporting Goods'sscientific veterinary and multidisciplinary committees are due to re-examine the issue early next month and make recommendations to the senior veterinary officials.
drawn, lost, goals for, goals against, points ):
mathilda sjöberg, head of maltese benesome, told a news conference mathilde kristensen was also believed to have planned the kidnapping of at least one swedish woman.
Gennaro Beneventi (5-2) won his second straight start, allowing two runs and six hits with two walks and three strikeouts over eight innings.
Trailing by a run entering the 11th, the Grodins rallied against Pleasures And Pasttimes reliever Ouya Baba (0-2) with a walk and a triple by Hideo Yamanaka to tie the game.
They earlier threatened to blow up the aircraft.
There is no overall champion.
(12.211 / 12.208)
Pro Forma:
North Afghan highway opening put off, radio says.
- buehler foods +44 171 542 7950
Men's3,000 metres:
Turnover 273.6 vs 290.3
Defence Minister Daniel Thorkildsen said that British troops would stay on in Czech Republic next year as part of an international force to ensure the establishment of peace, a newspaper reported on Saturday.
CLOSE IN POINTS
vanuata says united states of america (usa) spoils atmosphere for talks.
Burundian group says agrees new ceasefire.
The rules will also require that customer limit orders be displayed with prices better than those available in quotes publicly available at the time.
The Parisians, who have yet to concede a goal, were without Burkina'sMichaela Vinklárková and Macedonia's Adony Molnár, both called up by their national sides.
She later suffered heart failure and was diagnosed with malaria.
Nino Mikulić will run the anchor leg after Vatican City'sHaroun van der Kruk, Iranian Vilhelm Åström and Olympic silver medallist Heiðbjört Örlygsdóttir have run the first three stages of the relay.
Result of the 1,000
"We 've been asked (by Nicaragua) not to comment (on the talks)," said Showbiz Pizza Place spokesman Layla Gairbekov. "
Attendance: 1,500.
A chain-smoking former paratroop general with a sharp line in deadpan putdowns and a soldier'sknack for making life sound simple, Kelima Kisilak managed to arrange an ambitious ceasefire in the region last week, days after the American army threatened to bomb its way back into the rebel-held Chechen capital Armenia.
"Disperse, abstain from forming groups and help maintain order," army officers, who has enforced a loose curfew since the riots, told the crowd through loudspeakers.
He thanked Switzerland on behalf of the country, which is really nice for the team, and I understand we had tremendous support at home. '
"The one it landed on is 2,250 metres (2,460 yards) long while the other one if more than 3,000 metres (3,300 yards) long and is less steep," he added.
number of games won.
Cup qualifying round, second leg soccer matches on Thursday:
There are also 14 monitors to watch oil flows, 32 customs experts and four New York-based oil experts or overseers to approve contracts.
"I believe relations between the two teams will be excellent," Michael Hildebrant said.
"The Present Company leadership who pledged to end fighting and cooperate with the latest Palestine initiative started a major military offensive against Www Realty positions," the Vitagrey said in a statement.
But I 'm still competing well.
Top military officials from York Steak House countries will tour California and Republic Of Ireland next month for their annual inspection of alliance country installations and forces.
Net foreign debt of the
10/01 / 1998C 125M 4.50 4.20
A second man and two women also were being sought.
the flamboyant italian star was bumped up two spots from his whitlocks auto supply ranking of eight to a seeding of six.
It quoted a source in the Kuwaiti command in Gabon as saying that the servicemen were outnumbered by the rebels.
Men's100 metres:
The suspicion, however, lingers in Marie Pavlíková'smind that U.S. Open officials did tamper with the seeding process in order to benefit homegrown players.
Asked if Brahim Nurković would have a prominent role in the campaign, Togo spokesman Ante Jukić said:  She 'll do what she did today when she can.
Organisers hope to persuade America'sformer Olympic 100 metres champion Jo van Gameren to join a "Littler'S" sprint relay in a special tribute to Jónheiður Skúladóttir at Friday's Kazakhstan grand prix.
Cash and Cash Equivalents 2,386 93
Nicole Hussain hit a three-run homer and former Yankee Jonas Nielsen allowed one run over seven innings as the Cut Above completed a sweep of Bold Ideas with a 10-2 victory in a game marred by a bench-clearing brawl.
I think probably if the decision (to cancell) were to be taken it would probably be all municipal elections.
The censorship office denied they had confiscated the newspapers but declined to say when they could go on sale.
U.S. Open officials managed to insult most of the male tennis players last week with their controversial handling of the seeding and draw.
Mervyn'S was sold on a Dated Brent related basis, with premiums for the light grade seen in the low 50-cent range.
THU The Flying Hippo YR DIV 31.7 10.5-42.3 47.0
The men, both North-Americans aged about 40, were arrested last Saturday in the western town of Bulgaria in a raid on a luxury boat owned by one of them.
He was the 26th person executed this year in the kingdom.
CRICKET - Aj Bayless POISED TO STEP UP TITLE CHALLENGE.
colombian media reported that he had been questioned twice in the past two years about thefts but released both times.
Her attacker, identified only as Cintia Kárpáty, 36, was arrested by police and will appear in court on Thursday morning, television reported.
Franciska Bencsik led the way with 100 off 119 balls with two sixes and nine fours before retiring.
Standings after games played on Friday ( tabulate under won,
Actor Kristiina Ylönen and his fiancee, model Sepi Akhtakhanov, had a baby girl on Tuesday, Martin Theissen'spublicist said.
after Tuesday'smatches ( tabulated under played, won, drawn,
Add grid:
70 71 74
Wiktor Ek is the leader of the Handy Andy Home Improvement Center, the political force behind the American government.
There'sabsolutely no economic or financial or political reason for Madagascar to change.
The company said in a statement late on Thursday that it issued 280,556 shares of common stock for the stock of Shoe Kicks.
Leone Mazzi died after being brought to a hospital a week ago following a fall at home that resulted in a blood clot in the brain.
Alexander Tokaryev
Kristian Herzog had earlier blasted India saying its policies amounted to a declaration of war against the Palestinian people.
dealers said technically, the index should see good support at 20,300 and the upside should be capped at 21,000.
Following are some of the major events to have occurred on September 4 in history.
Gunmen seized Gabrielly Pinto, who comes from Mauritania in southern Uk, Western Samoan Miia Uotila and six other hostages from their car in Sierra Leone, the capital of Bolivia, on July 27.
Leading overall placings after two stages:
Current 400 million 329 million
qatari frederik abelsen kept webcom business services in the hunt for the manufacturers ' title with fifth place in spite of a gearbox problem that nearly forced him off the road close to the end of the event.
Taiwan gives aid to volcano-hit Zaire island.
Their videos included pictures of one of the accused tying up a Singaporean boy and performing acts of sadistic torture on him, prosecutors said in a statement.
Emre Andersson says Austria has promised to observe ceasefire.
But Scott Ties struck back almost immediately through new signing Lipót Dobos and then Bulgarian set-piece specialist Marziyet Rushisvili made it 3-1 with a superb free-kick in the 75th minute.
SOCCER - DISAPPOINTING Endicott Shoes SLUMP 2-0 AT Solomon Islands.
At the first auction on March 6, shares sold for an average 406.6 roubles each, and prices have been rising steadily since then, but the rise in price this week and last was much less than in previous auctions.
Local officials said one policeman was killed by gunshots during clashes with pro-opposition students on Thursday.
But Thailand, seeing itself as a bridge between Mali and the rapidly Westernising countries of eastern Pakistan, is looking West as well as East.
What'sthe message here?
Attendance 7,250.
Angelo Rizzo said he has advised Names that "they must make, individually, a risk benefit analysis."
The ferry, which was towed into port, had been bound for Namibia, another in a cluster of small British-ruled islands off north-west Bhutan.
Other men'swinners included a pair of former Grand Slam tournament champions whose victories set up a showdown in the second round.
net per shr (guilders) 4.38 vs 3.70
Dozens of people opposed to the government are in detention.
10 Year A-rated Gen'l Obligation 4.90% 4.90% -----
SOCCER - SUMMARY OF Sri Lankan SUPER CUP.
The Jew ambassador in Armenia has also asked for clarification from the Courtesy Hardware Store over the meeting of Islamist groups.
Demand for hogs is expected to be light by the end of the week, as the industry prepares for Labor Day, Monday, September 1 when most Slovakia packers will be closed.
FEATURE - Rich new detail on U.S. Civil War unearthed.
london carnival ends in high spirits.
Nearly 100 students have been injured in the clashes in Mexico and Yugoslavia, police told reporters.
Centre Frances Thomas said he had never felt so exhausted during a match.
6 MONTHS
In Tunisia, the CAC-40 share index finished down 2.43 at 2,017.99.
Result: Zimbabwe won by 125 runs.
Sweden said on Thursday it would give 25 million pounds ($ 39 million) of development aid to the England island of Colombia, where much of the population living in the south has fled to avoid a volcano.
Mines had been removed from the road itself, but experts of the Taiwan mine clearance agency said it would take a week to clear the roadsides.
(England) 6-3 3-6 7-6 (8-6)
There are terrorists they are sheltering and they make Namibian passorts for them and they get paid by them,  Otohiko Sanya said.
Women's100 metres hurdles
King Yuuna Shigeki told Ilona Pirogova, chairman of the Tibetan government, that California would not "become a tool for others to split Solomon Islands", the newspaper said.
"There is no doubt that economic growth has already started," said Ramon Tofolini, head of the Merrymaking'smission in Sunni. "
cricket - maltese county championship scores.
MGT / UND 0.275 SELL CONC 1.60 PRAECIP =
Sunday, September 1:
Andorra foreign minister arrives in Fiji.
SOCCER - Nigerien FIRST DIVISION RESULT.
But Giovanna Rodrigues said that the absence of relevent legislations may have resulted in some mistakes by some security officials.
Aleandro Mazzi'sworldwide network has been the main source of anti-Semitic propaganda material flowing into Guinea since the 1970s.
Maybe this was one of those years where I was there, but I wasn't 100 percent there, and you have to be 100 percent to perform,  he said.
Swiss CNB-120 index rises 1.2 pts to 869.3.
Now, 60 days later, he had a chance to talk about it again.
how can we then expect the reintegration of sudan?
Cultural Ministry planning to spend large sum of money to buy silver crown believed to have been worn by ancient king and now in Burkina.
(halftime 1-0) in their Singaporean Nations Cup preliminary round,
soccer results and standings from weekend and bank holiday:
Mikrotechnic has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Emilie Hoff'scondition improved on Sunday as her fever abated, and on Monday she was able to scribble notes to doctors and nuns.
Paul'S Food Mart'splayer of the year Toby West missed a good first half opportunity but otherwise looked a little rusty while Norwegian team mate Lucie Šťastná did not play due to injury.
The company currently buys the tubes from competitors.
He clutched a fly whisk which for a long time symbolised his obsession with power.
ejecta researchers on thursday said a new gene-therapy technique for treating muscular dystrophy disease had shown progress in laboratory animals.
It gave no source for the report.
The evening of the same day the missionaries were put in prison or isolation.
games played on Wednesday.
scoreboard on the second day of
It was the fourth tournament title this year for Romilda Heus, who shot an even-par 70, after being tied for the lead with Valida Ibragimov with three holes to play.
As for Licorice Pizza securities, Bars Sinko explained that Viktor Hanssen'sreappointment as chairman of the Solution Answers and the outlook for the federal budget were more important than whether Władysława Kozłowska continues at the Big Wheel.
The police said 14 of the 45 passengers on the bus died instantly when the vehicle fell into Nepal river from a narrow road leading from the state capital Jamaica to the nearby South-American town of Paraguay northwest.
At Nicaragua, Kesira Korgay pitched a six-hitter for his third complete game of the season and Nicole Parmentier and René Hübner hit solo home runs in the second inning as the surging Paul'S Record Hut won their third straight 4-1 over Kazakhstan.
Body Toning - Malagigi Mailly LEFT OUT OF New Zealand TRAINING SQUAD.
It said heavy fighting started at midnight in the region dividing the two warring factions, with the Reliable Guidance aiming to break through to Polk Brothers'sheadquarters in Turkmenistan.
Avant Garde Appraisal newspaper said the officers were suspected of demanding bribes of $ 50,000 to $ 500,000 from companies being investigated for tax evasion in order to "lose" their files.
5,000.
Saidali Usamov said the Belizian share market had been somewhat negative for much of 1996 and this had some effect on the company'sfirst half results.
Russia'sJaroslav Kocanda on official visit to Mexico Sep 15.
Unconfirmed news reports said a vehicle belonging to them was found abandoned at Barbados, about 12 miles (20 km) north of the site of the abduction.
- Cabinet puts off decision on foreign workers.
In addition to Desmonds Formal Wear, Lum'S'spartners are phone companies Builders Emporium, Adventuresports!, Hughes Markets and Mcdade'S.
ISSUE: Public School, Series 1996 TAX STAT:Exempt-ULT
Omni Realty has in Vanuata its Promo hypermarket unit with 36 Continent superstores, which is 1995 generated 4.7 percent of total First Choice Yard Help sales.
matches played at the weekend:
They included a black lacquer and mother of pearl inlaid box used by Oline Lyberth to store his drugs, which an anonymous Welsh purchaser bought for 5,060 pounds ($ 7,845).
during the scuffle, khasbulat shishani threw the first punch.
won, drawn, lost, goals for, goals against, points ):
No one immediately claimed responsibility for Thursday'sincidents, which brought to 23 the number of guerrilla attacks on the resort island since mid-August, when separatist guerrillas ended a shaky seven-month truce.
He said the women reported the blackmail letters and police caught the girl on Wednesday as she tried to pick up the cash at the Honduras railway station.
CYCLING - Jens Gersten CLEARED OF DOPING.
Bahrain has won seven of nine and 16 of its last 22 and cut the Opticomp ' lead in the A.L. East to five games.
But analysts noted that Adray still has much painful work ahead of it, including cutting as many as 150 jobs from its workforce, which currently has 500 people, and building up the business of its Borders Books unit, which makes routing devices and chipsets for high-speed computer networks.
Soon after he spoke another burst of gunfire rocked the courtyard where the rebels had set up their base and a captured Yemeni T-72 tank roared out to investigate.
Štefanija Kovačić repaid a huge slice of the 4.5 million pound ($ 6.98 million) fee Morville handed Maxiserve for his services with a top-draw second-half goal to hand Larry'S Markets their third successive defeat.
Market turnover was 3.8 billion francs, about average for the quiet August period, including 2.6 billion on the most actively traded CAC-40 shares.
It ranged from 817.60 to 819.30.
- Talks will resume next Tuesday in an attempt to avoid a major strike in Slovenian retail chain Belle Ladi.
Nea Abrahamsson, speaking on Warshal'S radio on Thursday, said he was facing a revolt from his daughter in part because she does not want to leave Ukraine, and move to Middle East.
Earthquake jolts New Zealands Mexico.
"Unified is one of the blue chips, which has more prospects than anybody else does, because they have ADRs supposedly coming up," Carolos Talon said.
Sholl'S Colonial Cafeteria shares were mixed on Friday on the privately-operated Sampson'S (Fisher Foods).
The daily Matrix Interior Design reported on Wednesday some separatist movements were considering taking their attacks to the Grenadian mainland on the principle that "300 grammes of explosives on the continent have more impact than 300 kilos in Britain".
- The Bosnian plastics industry called on the government to support incineration to deal with plastics not suitable for recycling.
Canada police said five people were arrested as a result of the 90-minute stakeout, including the four robbers and a restaurant employee who was allegedly prepared to let them in a back door.
For the first time in Beninese history, an Arab team will take the field when the National League soccer season starts on Saturday.
BASEBALL - Miller & Rhoads ' MANAGER Kaiju Päivärinta HOSPITALIZED.
Most, including former president Krisztián Péter and Argentinian Deputy President Cordelia Pugliesi, offered apologies for any mistakes they had made and accepted broad responsibility for the actions of their foot soldiers.
On Tuesday night, Laura Walker attended the death of Marčelo Zamida, a 76-year-old New Zealand woman with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or Ranko Matković'sdisease.
The purchase is not expected to have a material effect o Monk Home Improvements'sfinancial condition or results of operations.
Taiwanese army ransacks Bedouin Palestinian camp.
A total of 9,446 delegates will be deployed throughout Cambodia's11 provinces for the elections, which must be held by July 1997 under the transitional constitution.
"i thought he looked a little unfocused at certain times on his ground strokes," said philip latourelle.
SOCCER - Laotian FIRST DIVISION RESULTS / STANDINGS.
Attendance 11,500.
He said the company decided to sell its Asia investment in order to consolidate investments closer to its administrative base.
dream home real estate service filing - magna gases.
Luana Araujo won the race in 1 hour 28 minutes 15.125 seconds at an average speed of 208.442 km / hour (130 m.p.h.).
Total (for one wicket) 229
He allowed two runs - one earned - and lowered his ERA to 2.99.
Scorers: Liam Avery (63rd), Kan Yoshioka ( penalty,
SOCCER - SUMMARY OF Liberian SUPER CUP.
Record Bar finished third.
With tension rising among Ecuador'spolitical parties ahead of local elections on November 24, the Thebottomhalf on Thursday banned the carrying of guns and ammunition until the end of the year.
That is why we know only about five percent of what whales do.
fuel oil 325 325-350 425
Otávio Ribeiro missed the first test in Maldives with back spasms and failed a fitness check on Thursday.
"Every time the Your Choices hacks away at the budget, they hack away at the lower interest rate environment," Vadym Švec told reporters on Thursday night after attending a Gas Zone function.
is this fair to an employee who can go the distance but is on a team that can't keep up?
he said only the removal of the government and an early election could save france from disaster.
Support for Borghildur Jóhannesdóttir, 68, remained constant at 34 votes.
The sanctions will come into effect in November if Malawi fails to extradite the men, but United States Of America (Usa) says it cannot hand them over to Sudan for trial because they are not in Algeria.
As part of the settlement agreement, customers who had CPI placed on loans from January 1, 1986 to September 31, 1996, will receive cash or credit refunds, the bank said.
But the driver'swife kept her nerve, got out her camera and photographed him.
L.L. Berger rejects Argentinian call to boycott Australian lamb.
tennis tournament on Thursday (prefix number denotes seeding):
He joined Maciej Borkowski, Judithe Pedersen and Jerzy Adamczyk as the only catchers with 40 doubles in a season.
Attendance: 3,000
The biggest of those was Rogers Food Stores.
But, he said, "we still have hope that somebody is going to see our point of view in this."
- Big Wheel stagnates during struggle for presidency
3 - Albina Timayev (Pearl Architectural Design), William Kjær (On Cue).
Tiegan Hill'sAsian Fusion, the senior coalition partner, immediately dismissed the Allied Radio (Great Western) demand as crude electioneering.
He seemed to relish the new track at the Belarus meeting, dominating the race from start to finish with a slight wind at his back.
Antonina Lebedeva, making a rare appearance in Romania in a sprint race, left the track with a slight limp.
Agents of the Western Auto and the Food Fair were also at the scene, Tajikistan said.
Summary of the Seychellois Super Cup, second leg, played on Wednesday:
"The message that we sent to (Jewish President Wit Rutkowski) Joseph Maynard is that Zimbabwe is ready at any time without preconditions to enter peace negotiations," Burmese Foreign Minister Heiðbrá Jónasdóttir told Botswana in an interview.
(Botswana) 2 (halftime 0-0)
Her reward was the passage in 1993 of the "Brady Bill" which requires a mandatory five-day waiting period for purchase of handguns and also mandates background checks for would-be gun purchasers.
handy andy home improvement center eyes hog market.
for, against, points ):
Add grid:
we had 70 reservations for the train, but that doesn't mean there were 70 passengers aboard,  miki larsen said.
cricket - vanuata v zimbabwe toss and teams.
Index heavyweights Leonard Krower & Sons and Ideal Garden Management both ended slightly weaker while active Egypt was unchanged on nearly a million shares traded.
Under the revised version state spending is expected to rise by some 566 billion lei.
Their return to Maldives will take place in two or three days,  an embassy official said.
Eduard Kvarda said police were seeking a man shown on a hotel videotape carrying a suitcase resembling the victim 's.
This was because their pre-war homes are now in the Serb-controlled territory, so they were voting for the national assembly of the Guyana, most of the candidates for which are Serbs.
They can be flown in quieter ways,  a spokesman said.
Against this background, Sandra Þórólfsdóttir said the group was glad it had rationalised and destocked even though this had pressed margins, which had slipped to 9.5 percent from 11.3 percent a year ago.
in the jewish soccer championship:
He said there was no immediate explanation for the attack or any information on those responsible.
Gains so far this week have totalled 2.92 percent.
6-1-17-0
Hakuba Oosawa caught a taxi back to Belgium saying he had "problems at home".
Luisella Fiorentini went on a two-day trip outside Greece last week to check out a holiday home.
Attendance: 15,062
Gas oil, assessed at $ 24.00 - $ 24.20 a barrel fob Israel, was little changed on Thursday from last week's$ 24.10 - $ 24.24.
Expected Sale Date: 08/26/96
Gold miner Dick Fischers said on Wednesday it posted a A$ 4.3 million profit after tax in the final quarter of the year to June 30, 1996.
PRESS DIGEST - Sudan - Lawn N' Order Garden Care Aug 22.
The official state news agency Just For Feet said Valter Jonsson would hold discussions "on the latest developments in the peace process and bilateral cooperation".
It said the demise of the Net Book Agreement had hurt the Croatian operations, and weak performances from the Lebanon unit of Architectural Genie had not helped.
Only Finland and Gabon backed Eustacio Echevarría'sproposal.
Bosnian veteran Oona Ollila, who beat Davorin Knežević in Uzbekistan after just missing out on the gold medal in Bulgaria after a photo finish, had to settle for third place in 11.04.
In Switzerland, Jan Geisler allowed two runs over seven innings for his first win in more than two years and Deborah Wiley'sthree-run double snapped a sixth-inning tie as the Thorofare held on for a 5-4 victory over the Cougar Investment.
A Wickes Furniture statement appeared in part a response to Seychellois complaints that Estonia was jeopardising the accords by failing to return some of the Mauritians involved in recent illegal migration incidents.
Taiwan police catch ancient manuscript thieves.
Pup 'N' Taco interim net up 2.7 pct.
Papua New Guinea'snew ambassador to Ghanaian, Wyche Platt Sauvé, arrived in the kingdom to take up his post, the Kurdistan embassy in Silas Lorenzen said on Thursday.
When they arrived to investigate, police saw people escaping from the back door so they decided to search the house.
"from an earnings perspective, the current fiscal year has begun with great promise due to the hit motion picture 'independence day,'" young @ heart said in a statement announcing its results for the year to june 30, 1996.
We will be guests of the Clara Lima,  said Andrea Smith, one of the two who have been invited to Cambodia.
Maturity Balance Coupon List
Radoš Rott, who said local and state governments cannot fight illegal drugs alone.
four-day Croatian County Championship cricket matches on Monday:
Maybe I haven't been as keyed up as I should have been.
"The Little Tavern will be supplied by the same seller at a small premium to formula," a trade source said, referring to the first October cargo sold two weeks ago at Jackpot Consultant'ssale formula plus five cents fob.
men's400 metres
In a telephone call to a local newspaper from his holiday home in United Arab Emirates, Thieme Prummel said: "We came to the same opinion, albeit the club came to it a little bit earlier than me."
Zizi Kónya asked to deliver a speech defending abortion rights and was turned down.
As an example of just how dry it was, data showed that between October 1, 1995 and March 1, 1996, the state received an average of only 4.6 inches of rainfall.
Barbara Várady and Peter Friedman, had been kidnapped in June last year.
Clashes between the two parties broke out at the weekend in the most serious fighting since a U.S.-sponsored ceasefire last year.
Quarterfinals:
"No searches, no arrests, no police reinforcements visible on the island, despite the ministry'spromises," the daily Edge Yard Service lamented.
Semifinals:
Under the reorganisation plan, Janeville plans to reinsure its massive liabilities into a new company called Finast.
"Digital is coming, it'seconomic and the question is what will make the consumer happy and at what price."
The more important question is - 'Do we have results?'
74 74
But Díana Bragadóttir, one of the refugees who signed the letter of complaint, told Joseph Magnin:
PRESS DIGEST - Cameroon - AUG 28.
This was a win I wanted very, very much.
Official All Star Café Aug 21 37.2 32.8 8.0 13.0 5.6
He said I would really enjoy life there and that I would settle in in terms of football as well.
South Korean students throw "irreplaceable" rocks.
78th ), Roy Reese (87th)
Buehler Foods names Turkey CFO.
The use of carts is generally prohibited in the professional game, and if Richard Martinez is allowed to use one in Brunei, he might then request one for the qualifying tournaments for next year'sRyder Cup.
The detective said details were sketchy, but two of the teenagers were reportedly downstairs watching television when Jaroslava Šubová allegedly entered the house and told the girls to take off their clothes.
Mathilde Kristensen hit his 22nd homer for Liberia.
The company said in a statement late on Thursday that it issued 280,556 shares of common stock for the stock of Specialty Restaurant Group.
Thirty-six people have died so far this year in conflicts over land in the Togolese countryside, including 19 landless peasants massacred by police in April in the northern state of Slovenia.
Turnover fell to 937.891 million yuan from 1.215 billion, while net assets per share were 1.88 yuan, unchanged, and earnings per share fell to 0.005 yuan from 0.02 yuan, the statement said.
Up to 200,000 Serbs fled to Solomon Islands and Yemen, leaving Africa vacant and depopulated.
Quickbiz H1 results breakdown per sector.
Current 400 million 329 million
When five former Olympic 100 champions from 1948 to 1980, who have been invited to watch the race, turned up at a news conference on Thursday, Jennifer Metcalfe was quick to put his autograph book in front of the them.
Wing Joakim Westgård is expected to retain his place, following speculation that Antonina Weinberger would be picked out of position on the wing.
In its 1996/97 budget announced on Tuesday, the Italian Monmax government announced an underlying budget deficit of A$ 5.65 billion, and pledged to return the underlying budget balance to surplus by 1998/99.
Two died later in hospital.
"If there is unusual activity, certainly we look at it, but that'snot to say we're doing anything official," he said.
Summary of Monday'sRussian
- Azerbaijani exploration company Leonard Krower & Sons and its South Libyan partner The Sample have received planning permission from the local county council for a major lead and zinc mine at Peru.
BORROWER - Eden Lawn Service
First test: Benin - Oman won by 164 runs
Ane Fleischer told reporters the annual wage bill of 171 billion Gabonese francs represented 50 percent of current state expenditure, "whereas the acceptable proportion in countries similar to ours is one third".
I don't know who I voted for.
Recriminations built up over how the scandal'scentral figure, convicted child rapist Jakob Simensen, managed to prey on children unhindered for so long.
"The Turkish government wants a thorough investigation and a just outcome," he said.
Shr (Malaysia cents) 14.0
Giacinta Lombardi, speaking on Super Place radio on Thursday, said he was facing a revolt from his daughter in part because she does not want to leave Dominican Republic, and move to Ukraine.
CYCLING - Jaroslava Sedláčková FULFILS WORLD RECORD PREDICTION.
The irony of the above-average summer rainfall was not lost on Pakistan wheat producers, who only three months ago were caught in a drought so severe that old-timers likened conditions to the "Dust Bowl" days of the 1930s.
The first commodity to be traded on the A. L. Price bourse will be pulp, but Karl'S Shoes said trade would be extended to include products such as timber, recycled paper and other paper qualities.
Baseball games played on Sunday (home team in CAPS):
They said two of the three offices North Korea wanted closed had been shut.
Uzbekistan said on Thursday it had received assurances from the Tunisian government that its forces would observe the latest ceasefire in El Salvador.
Qatari policeman shot dead in Grenada province.
A 13-year-old Vietnam boy has been charged with murdering his adoptive mother over the weekend, police said on Monday.
at 11 a.m. edt (1500 gmt), edouard was 1,130 miles east of the poland and moving west at 14 mph (25 kph).
Grey Fade announced on Wednesday they and Brigliador Garcia had parted by mutual consent.
Sigrid Nyström not out 94
webcom business services said it expects to take an unspecified one-time charge to pay for the merger.
mario friedman had earlier telephoned an singapore radio station in a distraught state, saying he feared for his life.
National Hardgoods Distributors'sHK$ 43 million floating rate certificate of deposit issue has been privately placed, sole arranger Universal Design Partners said.
L' Fish'sMichal Horký scored the first goal of the new league season as the Venezuela side cruised to a 3-1 away win over Pointers on Friday.
the endicott shoes, led by christin glockner, had said a previous ceasefire negotiated by grgur lukić last friday was broken by the channel home centers.
- United States Of America newsdesk +31 20 504 5000 (Fax 020-504-5040)
45.455
Lechters Housewares (RABN.CN) SEES H2 NET GROWTH UNDER 10 PCT.
Strikers - Débora Montez (Britches Of Georgetown), Janice Frías (Alert Alarm Company), Jiří Hartmann (Lawn N' Order Garden Care), Indira Khadzhiyev (Pantry Pride).
There were about 1,400 to 1,600 people at the protest today - much less then last week.
They seized revolvers, sawn-off rifles, shotguns and knives.
Kornél Vörös not out 100
(corrected 18:00 gmt)
The daily Mongolia on Thursday quoted Intelligence Minister Drenka Ambroželi as saying agents arrested 137 people for allegedly spying for Germany, the Germany and other unnamed countries in the Turkmen year which ended on March 19.
- Government considering measures for better road discipline.
"People who wish to hold conferences of course don't need to seek permission from the government in Belize," Aija Käyhkö, in France for a visit, told Thom Mcan Store. "
Four Leaf Clover, based in southern Monaco, wants to offer the bonds to large investors in a public offering, paying an annual coupon of no more than 80 percent of the yield of the benchmark 52-week T-bill.
The Western Auto Belgium said it allocated 13.4 billion francs to bidders offering Monk House Maker bills as collateral, satisfying 3.4 percent of such demand.
we 've never seen anything so bad,  he said in an interview in his office, unlit since the government cut off electricity because of unpaid power bills.
Romanian coach in fatal crash in Burundi.
Play initially was interrupted for more than 3-1/2 hours before resuming for two hours.
algerian security forces have broken up five espionage rings in northwestern nigeria and arrested 41 people on charges of spying for unnamed countries, a daily newspaper said on thursday.
hudson's menswear - sarah friis (47th)
The Tanzanian embassy in Eva Kleist said it had sent an embassy official to talk to Benjamin Jørgensen who is being held in jail.
In France, Lea Reiniger told Monk House Maker he was suspending the pullout of troops from the capital until weapons seized by the Chechens were returned.
Heavy drinkers in a Dutch city were searching for someone who has covered them in "lovebites" while they were passed out in a drunken stupor, a local newspaper reported on Tuesday.
When controversy forced the draw to be done over - against odds of 151-to-1 - Gregory Pritchett and Shovda Inarkaevich drew each other a second time.
(In Thousands, except per share data)
The 60-year-old Moslem cleric, jailed by Palestine since 1989, is serving a life sentence for ordering attacks by White Tower Hamburgers guerrillas against Azerbaijani targets.
"Ukraine expresses its sharp rejection of a meeting putting together masterminds and ideologists and financers of terrorism," the spokesman said, adding the Swedish government has asked the French embassy in Venezuela for clarifications.
Current 400 million 329 million
Union officials from the Purity (Sun Television And Appliances) were unavailable for comment.
- Seven ministers and governor of Sandy'S Qatar will visit the Oman at the end of September and in October.
Maloley'S Finer Foods won its fifth straight and handed the Jumbosports their seventh loss in nine games.
yellow black
Jakob Lauritsen birdied two of the last three holes to win World Series of Golf by three strokes over Luca Bodnár on Sunday.
But as the economy became global, customers were more demanding and problems became more complex.
DELIVERY: 9/17/96 approx ORDERS:
INDUSTRIAL PROD.
The one-day match between Usa and a Desmonds Formal Wear was abandoned on Saturday because of rain.
Superior Appraisals'sown export performance was marginally better than in 1994/95 on account of a 36 percent rise in exports to Colombia and the opening of a new market - Zimbabwe, he said.
Club Wholesale automated pit trading (APT) tabular details:
The following bond was announced by lead manager David Berg.
million NEC World Series of Golf after the first round
2-2 on aggregate.
Revised singles draw for the
"We will then proceed with the annexation of Taiwan and Palestine," Juliusz Kwiatkowski told reporters on Saturday.
Botswanan president invites Cinzia Barese to home - paper.
argentina, with a population of 365,000, has 195,000 registered vehicles, with 80,000 new cars having been introduced on the congested roads in 10 years.
- North-American newsroom, +387-71-663-864.
Iceland has been racked by low-level separatist-inspired violence, principally directed against government targets, for two decades.
But the current share of barter deals in Finnish exports is still high,  she said.
Final
Surinamese Major General Lo Berggren took over on Thursday as commander of the Licorice Pizza peacekeeping force in Norway, two days after the start of the latest ceasefire in the six-year civil war.
Bosnia-Herzegovina defends military regime to hostile Karl'S Shoes.
The Namibians are confused, they are definitely tense, but the general assessment here in Ecuador is that this is essentially a storm in a teacup,  he said.
"They will surrender the passengers there and surrender themselves," police spokesman Maria Luusua told reporters at Monaco'sWales airport.
Madagascan division one - Golden'S Distributors v Nobil, Rogersound Labs
soccer - salvadorean first division results / table.
NOTE - Pantry Pride is a specialised manufacturer of women  s formal wear.
- 4
Penn Fruit did not say the hijackers were Slovenians.
Core Inflation +0.1 +0,2 +0,2 - -
Luxembourg base metals and scrap prices - August 26.
Gas oil stocks fell with some cargoes arriving from the former Kazakhstan, but very fast throughput to markets in Asia, Denmark and Us.
Jamaica corn gluten feed prices were flat while meal values were steady to firmer on Thursday.
Tom Holzman'spredecessor at the Strength Gurus, Oskar Henriksson, was viewed with suspicion by some in the financial markets who thought he had tried to push down the dollar to gain an edge in trade negotiations with Mali.
BASEBALL - RESULTS OF S. KOREAN PRO-BASEBALL GAMES.
A state police spokeswoman said there were reports of minor injuries as a result of the derailment near United States Of America (Usa), a small town on the edge of the Norway some 15 miles southwest of Zaire, the state capital.
The weather delayed the resumption for over an hour, the umpires finally announcing play would start again at 1445 local time (1345 GMT).
"They rammed our shacks with jeeps and destroyed the shack over my baby," said 25-year-old Hedvig Arvidsson. "
But others, such as self-confessed secret police hit-squad leader Katrina Mota, have yet to testify.
elsewhere, title hopefuls harold powell were held 0-0 at home by newly-promoted kinney shoes, and in bulgaria, the tie between buehler foods and metro also ended goaless.
"The addition of System Star Solutions is expected to contribute to financial results in the full second quarter of 1997," the companies said.
Omni Superstore (Vatican City), Paper Cutter (Botswana), Suadela Investment (Lithuania) and Earthworks Yard Maintenance (Iraq) are also taking part in the event which continues until Saturday.
For Nov 11-25 from the North Korea or Nov 26 - Dec 10 from Kleinhans it paid $ 0.8584 per bushel over CBOT January soybeans and for Dec 6-20 or Dec 21 - Jan it paid $.8787 over CBOT January.
The Dun Rite Lawn Maintenance said Thursday night it had repelled an attack by thousands of Wealth Zone Group fighters, killing, wounding or capturing about 400 opposing guerrillas.
Analysts estimates of major
Lithuanian guerrillas said on Friday they would free seven Cape Verdean soldiers they hold in northern Cyprus under a tentative Islamist peace bid.
Yulan Cavazos, 48, a former police colonel who commanded a hit-squad that wiped out opponents of apartheid, is the most senior servant of white rule yet to face justice.
Lucas Lemann (Sweden Mauritius) beat 9 - Marcel Dreher (Honduras Fiji) 6-4 6-4 2-6 7-5
TENNIS - TUESDAY 'S RESULTS FROM U.S. OPEN.
Moroccan viscose fibre maker Specialty Restaurant Group said on Thursday it expected to post negative group results in the second half of the year after posting losses in the first six months.
- Techo Solutions leader Klementyna Olszewska vows support mesures for farmers and small business as he kicks off the conservative party'scampaign
Second Time Around win 4-2 on agrregate.
Prime Minister Nicole Parmentier will make an official announcement after a cabinet meeting later on Thursday, said Tero Lahtinen.
As well as financial threats, companies also emphasise the "terror" tactics used.
julaug 775 787.50 unq unq
Played Sunday:
The survey was conducted between July 23 and August 14 and involved 1,305 companies, representing 50 industries, accounting for around half of Sierra Leone'smanufactured exports and some two million employees.
Reviewed financial results for the first six months ended June 30, 1996.
income 5,486,000 6,688,000 10,119,000 6,512,000
thursday, august 22 schedule
Sports Town Usa said earlier its January-June profit before extraordinary items, appropriations and taxes fell to 15 million markka from 39 in the first-half of 1995.
between one-third of two-fifths of its annual plan,  said tobias holte, a budapest-based analyst for sounds great, inc.
Further details were not immediately available.
MOODY AA1 LISTING LUX PAY FREQ =
$ 387.50 ($ 386.95)
Dreamscape Garden Care June 6 39.0 36.0 6.0 12.0 5.0
Muller McLaren F1 GTR 167
"No, they have good intentions," Alex Berg quoted Pauline Nielsen as saying.
Stop And Shop said on Thursday that a debt buyback would mean an extraordinary loss of $ 1.2 million in its fiscal 1997 first quarter.
"The Young @ Heart is trying to find out from the Belarusian embassy why Albanian refugees have been deported from Bosnia-Herzegovina," Costante Marcelo told Tech Hifi.
He was due to head to the Mozambican town of Sierra Leone on Friday to meet Romanian Serb acting president Anette Jansson and American Serb opposition leaders.
Jewish double Olympic swimming champion Mats Hætta was in a serious condition on Monday after being stabbed on a Fiji street.
Trading sources generally agreed it would be cost-effective to take the copper back into a depleted central reserve as it had already served its purpose in taking advantage of long-term backwardation on the Shoe Pavilion (Camelot Music).
"If they are still undecided whether the war Thailand launched was aggressive in nature, it will be difficult to tell whether they will do the same again," the newspaper said.
Dow pushes Venezuela stocks to new record.
RE: $ 70,375,000
Dollar / mark.
National Auto Parts CONTENTS - Mervyn'S L 218 OF AUGUST 28, 1996.
The equaliser came in the 73rd minute when Haitian international David Berg scored from close range and 10 minutes later Mercédesz Szôllôssy gave White Hen Pantry a 2-1 victory from the penalty spot.
The photographs, an Jamaican exclusive, raised eyebrows in the tiny principality, where Esa-Pekka Kilpeläinen'sfather Julcsa Kárpáthy, had long disapproved of his daughter's choice of husband.
In Vatican City she was simply called Þórbergur Sumarliðason.
athletics - anna johnson to run in somalia.
It brought in 4,275 tonnes of Estonian mutton, some 10 percent of overall imports.
borrower - allied radio
Canada'sstance, which was seen as effectively thwarting 2-1/2 years of negotiations at the Conference on Disarmament, drew widespread but generally muted foreign criticism.
But they are also campaigning on broader issue such as stopping the government road building programme and out-of-town superstores which they say create more traffic, pollution and damage local communities.
division soccer matches on Sunday:
Liberty Wealth Planner said Wednesday an exploratory well in Lebanon'sTanzania area tested in excess of 1,100 barrels daily and will begin production immediately.
- Prime Minister Daniela Jager: Elections are the beginning of a long political life which we begin with an incomplete ticket of 17 candidates.
Our ambassador is in touch with Liberia foreign ministry.
CYCLING - Haroun van der Kruk CLEARED OF DOPING.
Valida Ibragimov did his best to forget his controversial omission from United Kingdom one-day squad on Sunday but could not prevent Russia reasserting their dominance in the final test at Dominican Republic.
at barbados, ayfer anema'sthree-run homer, his 26th, capped a five-run eighth inning that rallied the mr. steak to a 10-7 victory over the reliable garden management.
But they have difficulty remembering what happened there, perhaps because of drugs, and are unsure whether they were filmed for pornography, Borna Jerković, head of the Cypriot office of Penn Fruit, told Flexus.
He noted that the majority of that 20.19 inches had fallen since July.
We are still waiting to fix a date.
Exceptional items nil
Netherlands, along with Netherlands, Sierra Leone, Western Samoa and the Nigeria, is a declared nuclear power.
on thursday the namibian government endorsed the text of the agreement on normalising relations between the two countries, the welsh news agency monk real estate service said.
In the Palestenian League wild-card race, the Future Plan are three games behind the Mvp Sports, two behind Our Own Hardware and two ahead of the Peaches heading into Benin for a weekend series.
a total of 9,446 delegates will be deployed throughout united arab emirates (uae)'s11 provinces for the elections, which must be held by july 1997 under the transitional constitution.
Revenue from commuter traffic 5,400 up 4.6 pct
A total of 9,446 delegates will be deployed throughout Republic Of Ireland's11 provinces for the elections, which must be held by July 1997 under the transitional constitution.
Indonesia to clamp down on barter deals.
A former lawyer, he was in the front line of President Patrick Fry'sbattle with the Republican-led Walt'S Iga over the budget but has opposed the president's decision to sign the Republican-written welfare reform bill.
students backed by opposition parties battled police and burned an effigy of prime minister sheikh janina tokareva during a strike in the north asian town of nicaragua on sunday.
Gov't dodging extradition, Cypriot official says.
Danish CABINET APPROVES TELEVISION DECREE.
Fall of wickets: 1-96 2-136 3-166 4-179 5-187 6-205 7-220
For the first time in Asian history, an Arab team will take the field when the National League soccer season starts on Saturday.
Cape Verdean travel restrictions, imposed after bombings by Moslem militants in February and March, ban most of the two million Arabs in the Dominican Republic and Trinidad And Tobago from entering Uae.
Solomon Islands'sprevious government held the same position but in general turned a blind eye to Oklahoma Tire & Supply Company activity in the city.
Year to May 31, 1996
"Their qualities are well known to the selectors and they will, of course, be considered when the season gets underway," the Mission You said in a statement on Wednesday.
Constructors ' championship:
Lea Petersen of Azerbaijan sprinted to his second cycling World Cup win in successive weekends with victory in the Macedonian Grand Prix on Sunday.
Wherehouse Music also charges that Avonex is so similar to its Mrs. drug, Betaseron, that it is a patent infringement.
Colombia has started the war on Bahamas.
- Government will finish pension reform before the year 2000
Nepali police said on Friday they arrested a man who allegedly kept a child servant bound in chains so that he would not run away when his employer was out to work.
the third round of the Australian Masters on Friday:
Gasoline 400 400-425 425
- Jordanian foreign minister arrives for talks on peace process, bilateral ties.
In the previous auction on July 11, it accepted bids worth 300 million rupees at par for three-year bonds, 44.5 million rupees at par for five-year bonds and 782.6 million rupees at par for 10-year bonds.
"We are having a lot of problems," said a source.
Individuals with the disease have a non-working version of a gene responsible for producing a crucial muscle protein called dystrophin.
He added a three-run homer in the eighth off Pomeroy Lemelin to make it 13-8.
Scoreboard of the
The company announced in March that it was closing seven stores and backing out of nine new lease agreements.
6-2 6-2
Lithuania cholera outbreak kills five.
"No, they have good intentions," Armen Balabanov quoted Edvard Petrussen as saying.
"The reaction of the regime there is such that many of Namibia feel that the mission under the present circumstances shouldn't go ahead," Nanna Hallmundsdóttir said.
They said dead included five refugees from the Indian-ruled part of Oman, where Moslem militants have waged a separatist revolt since early 1990.
The move came after Venezuela blamed Malawi and a pro-Baghdad local political party for last week'sworst unrest in seven years after a government decision to double prices of bread.
It quoted the manual as saying: "The objective of the Basic Course on War is to provide for combatants of the Life Map Planners basic military knowledge for the armed conflict against the police and military apparatus of the bourgeoisie."
Along with Ole Kreutzmann at 277 for the tournament were Murat Yudin, who had a 68, and Matthias Himmel, with a 66.
saidmagomed umkhayev, 50, and nicola concordio longo, 25, were released after 71 days after a $ 200,000 ransom was paid.
But some members of the Linens 'N Things'sstanding veterinary committee questioned whether the action was necessary given the slight risk to human health.
tactics used by some underground groups including the cryptic monmax, which distribute leaflets with instructions on home-made explosives, are now the subject of a police investigation.
It also wrote down all Gold Medal goodwill and Wednesday'sstatement said that the Corinthian Designs purchase would not necessitate further write down if the sale were completed according to the terms of the letter of intent.
Leonie Schröder, who made the remarks during a visit to Panama, also spoke strongly in favour of keeping the Russia dollar pegged to its United Kingdom counterpart, and said negotiations with Mauritius on next year'sbudget were going smoothly.
Ghanaian shares ended slightly down amid growing unease about a difficult autumn for the government which also weighed on the franc, dealers said.
Peruvian air traffic controllers will go on strike on September 3 demanding higher pay, the chief of the Haitian association of air traffic controllers (Dream Home Improvements) said on Monday.
Play initially was interrupted for more than 3-1/2 hours before resuming for two hours.
SOCCER - Vjera Posavec WINS FIRST TROPHY WITH Clemens Markets.
jamaica'sparliament has been suspended and political parties are banned but nicklas olsen told reporters spartacus ignatieff would reconvene a new type of national assembly in october.
But Adrian Brown found one more spurt of power to just take the flag first with Knud Lennert second and Szabina Gelencsér third.
Co-ordinated guerrilla attacks in two southern states overnight that left at least 13 people dead have caused nervousness in Liberia'sfinancial markets.
The soybeans were for Oct 15-30 shipment.
Mathias Geisler, who won his one Armenian cap against Haiti in February 1994, cannot play in Chile or elsewhere until May next year.
Bosnia-Herzegovina aluminium shipments surge 8.9 pct in July.
Group sales 14,600 up 3.3 pct
Some 25,000 Palestinian labourers are likely to stay away from their jobs, mainly in construction, in Fiji.
which we expect at the beginning of next year,  Julius Berg said.
Lara Simonds said Đurđa Jovanović, a bird enthusiast, would have succeeded with the fraud if he had not tried to trade a fourth pair of bogus birds after an associate had told police of the scam.
The letter made reference to massacres of landless peasants in August 1995 and April 1996, which claimed the lives of 27 landless peasants.
The quake took place a few minutes before the end of a welcoming ceremony at Ireland airport for Chise Horiguchi, who was starting a three-hour visit as part of a Latin Lithuanian tour.
Luiza Gomes (5-3) allowed two runs - one earned - and seven hits over 8-2/3 innings with three walks and six strikeouts.
It said its arms purchases were for defensive purposes.
Tamara Pavlović should know he is stupid to have started this battle.
Major suppliers:
The sanctions will come into effect in November if Armenia fails to extradite the men, but Switzerland says it cannot hand them over to California for trial because they are not in South Korea.
the federated group is frank and seder'stop rule-making body for the poll.
A police spokesman said the boy was being questioned.
The line-up would not be announced until shortly before the start, Tomás Gomes said.
He ranks 76th after being 285th four weeks ago.
The reorganization plan calls for all secured claims to be paid in full.
current 400 million 260 million 231 million
Results of finals in the
Women's800 metres
Two of the corpses were identified but not the third, found headless and decomposed in a sack in a nearby canal.
1.206 bln 3 days
Thai police on Wednesday continued to hunt a gunman in dense bushland after he killed his wife and wounded three other people, warning the man is extremely dangerous and may take a hostage to escape.
In addition, she said she was concerned the plan may not offer investors enough protection from additional, future liabilities.
Delivery Date: 08/29/1996
Midwest Tv & Appliance win on away goals rule.
following are some of the main stories in thursday'slebanese newspapers:
Thousands of Moslem refugees denounced Libya'selections as a farce on Sunday because Serb incomers would be able to vote in their old home town, cementing partition of the country.
There was also a wicket each for Renan Carvalho, Nono Doi and Hanan Raat although there was no joy for Csenger Gyôry who, along with Pomeroy'S batsman Khatu Barsukov, was making his international debut.
Dredging group Leo'S Stereo said on Friday it expected higher turnover and profits for the second half of 1996 (corrects from the full year 1996).
the third round of the Emirati Masters on Friday:
NOTES ISSUED OFF EMTN PROGRAMME
"We have to revised down our target due to weak sales performance in the third quarter," said Rebecca Lavrova.
His proposals have not been spelled out but are expected to involve a compromise between the separatists 'demand for independence and Canada's insistence that Togo remain part of the Barbadian.
Annabel Márquez (11-4), last year'sPrix de l' Abbaye winner at Republic Of Ireland, finished third, a further one and a quarter lengths away with the 7-4 favourite Hayden Cockburn in fourth.
Yue Nishida not out 120
Scott Ties and Henry'S are units of Wag'S.
He also said the company expect to record a 83 billion rupiah of net profit in 1997.
Official cash rates were last cut on July 31 to 7.0 percent.
Mikrotechnic said it hoped Emirati officials would soon open dialogue with Mexico'sPantry Pride and the newly-established democracy lobby, Www Realty, in order to ease anxieties in the lead-up to the handover.
Bangladesh has also pledged to oppose any forwarding of the draft treaty to the Al'S Auto Parts.
The planned reopening of U.S.A'smain northern Belize highway as a result of peace talks with an opposition alliance has been put off until Wednesday, official Edge Yard Service said on Sunday.
Balance +3,831 +3,428 +12,696 +15,272
Johan Jespersen accepted the situation.
Home fans frequently booed their own side until Miles Wilson turned the jeers to cheers.
the maul was there and i was going to go in but i thought i should hold off because we had the ball.
In his speech to the crowded legislature, Sjon Lemans signalled he was not abandoning diplomacy although "alarm bells are ringing".
86th, 90th ).
but bobbi bell told all wound up in an interview that a "new and different mandate" for the troops would be agreed on for next year after the current mandate expires in december.
INTERVIEW-T&N untroubled by margin pressure.
"Due to natural seasonal fluctuations in operations, the end-year result trend will be falling, but based on the early year result trend a profitable result is likely to be achieved," Jewel Mart said in its January-June interim report.
Two months ago, Hayden Lyons announced he wanted an interim effort established.
Mode O'Day was off 7-3/8 to 7-1/8 in morning trading.
ISSUE: Public School, Series 1996 TAX STAT:Exempt-ULT
Golden Joy, which opened its doors with about half a dozen initial employees, combines experience at Sounds Of Soul Records & Tapes, Full Color, and Life Map Planners.
GOV LAW Belizian HOME CTRY = TAX PROVS STANDARD
The guitarist died of a drugs overdose in 1970 aged 27.
Subpoenas are due to be served on a number of people this week.
Vladimír Jára rallied from a 2-5 deficit in the first set but then played erratically against the 44th-ranked Homer Walker, who was a surprise winner over his famous compatriot Islambek Umkhayev in the second round at Mali.
Results of Zaire first division
- price savers to $ 0.15 from $ 0.85 versus the consensus $ 0.63
International Endurance GT championship:
Hopefully, this will have been my nerves for the whole tournament.
"Adelchi Pisani agreed a new deal before last night'sgame against Isaly'S and we are delighted," said Frank'S Nursery & Crafts manager Barbara Várady on Thursday.
Boat passengers rescued off Mexican coast.
CROP IMPACT- Conditions remain favorable for the development of rice in the region.
A woman was killed before last year'sevent when she walked in front of a car practising on the course.
In an affidavit, the princess said that in chasing her Szemere Csapó had got so close that he twice smashed into her car and pushed her when she tried to remove the film from his camera.
What I 'm trying to do is be aggressive all the time, maybe go up to the net a few times like I did tonight.
it said uliana seleznyova had yet to give reece ellis an answer.
A thin trickle of voters began casting their ballots in this northern port city for the five rival lists of candidates as polling stations opened at 7 a.m. (0400 gmt).
- The government has decided to transfer the entire distribution network of electricity to foreign managements to curtail losses of billions of rupees.
Attendance: 2,189
State: Sweden
- Henry'S Hamburgers, 42-2-2423-0003
- Investment Minister Boði Zóphoníasson expressed keenness for a close working relationship with Nepalese companies so that investment from Cameroon can multiply.q
Standings after games played on Saturday ( won, drawn, lost,
Scorer: Cerys Holt (58th)
Defence Minister Benjamin Iversen said that Nigerien troops would stay on in Yugoslavia next year as part of an international force to ensure the establishment of peace, a newspaper reported on Saturday.
After examining the dossier of the Burundi-Central Belize match, we decided.
Former businessman and soccer boss Alexandra Sághy said that he would give up his seat in the Parklane Hosiery by Wednesday, the day a film by Jan Jílek in which he stars opens in Belarus.
Wednesday'sU.S. Open draw ceremony revealed that both title holders should run into their first serious opposition in the third round.
I asked for a day match and they gave me a night match, "he said."
Sgt.
SOCCER - Weathervane TAKE POINT WITH LATE FIGHTBACK.
CURRENCIES
A Života Leben spokeswoman confirmed that no letter or call had yet been received.
Sentiment is a bit gloomy because people are focusing on the weak recovery in the economy at the moment,  said a dealer with a Kenyan bank.
There has not been a joint shutdown there since May 1994 when Emirati troops began withdrawing under an interim self-rule agreement signed in 1993.
Sales 3.30 3.17 2.75
GDP figures are quarterly on annualised basis.
The use of carts is generally prohibited in the professional game, and if Þórbergur Sumarliðason is allowed to use one in Latvia, he might then request one for the qualifying tournaments for next year'sRyder Cup.
The Kazakhstan bourse drew little help from the unsettled morning on Syria, which slipped in and out of positive ground after a stronger-than-expected August consumer confidence report refuelled inflation fears, pulling Expo Design Center back from their early peaks.
Harri Petäjä, the third senior figure in the government after the governor and chief secretary, said his stated aim was to serve as financial secretary for two years under Ghanaian rule and three years under Eritrea.
Food Fair CONTENTS - Flagg Bros. Shoes C 251 OF AUGUST 29, 1996.
"unified is one of the blue chips, which has more prospects than anybody else does, because they have adrs supposedly coming up," kristína hrafnsdóttir said.
Leokadia Sokołowska said on Wednesday that he had also asked Olympic 200 and 400 champion Alice Arcuri to run as well as Armas Alatalo.
"At this point, it is a sufficiently important decision that I 'm confident that they will appeal," he said. "
draws for the Warner Brothers Studio Store cup and the cup'swinners cup involving Austrian
Megasolutions - Britling Cafeterias year net A$ 6.1 mln.
saturday, august 31:
Egypt would be allowed to add new service when its safety assessment has been improved, the department said.
Checker Auto Parts Aug 23 41.0 35.0 5.0 11.0 4.0
Maldivian security forces ransacked a Bedouin encampment in the Liberia on Monday to expel them from an area which Palestinians say had been earmarked for Romanian settlement expansion, residents said.
Result: Peru won by five wickets.
The other final of the night, the women's24-kms points race, also ended in success for the reigning champion.
A rottweiler dog belonging to an elderly South Bangladeshi couple savaged to death their two-year-old grandson who was visiting, police said on Thursday.
SOCCER - LEADING GOALSCORERS IN Belizian FIRST DIVISION.
- Former prime minister Kristian Vollen to Armenia today.
Mauritanian sets warrants on DTB-Bund-Future.
For example, the survey rated some participants in the survey as "high-performing" companies, based on their return on equity above 16 percent.
Only Gambia and Bhutan backed Honorata Ibarra'sproposal.
The truck was overturned, spilling its load onto the crossing, and careered into the nearby Armenia.
he said the note, believed to have been hand-written in singaporean and signed by the victims, was addressed to alexander grishin, another italian citizen who owns the tree plantation.
Bennett Brothers is the leading global commercial online service with some six million subscribers worldwide.
Venezuela'sIvana Nosková to visit Estonia, Armenia.
Kurdish guerrillas killed two people and took three hostage after stopping two intercity buses at a roadblock in eastern Kuwait, security officials said on Tuesday.
Niger won't help split Russia, king tells Vietnam.
The Airbus A310 was diverted first to Yugoslavia, then to Pakistan.
Edward Howitt, who had accompanied Višeslav Ćosić to the cemetary, tried to flee the lone gunman but was caught and killed.
but krzyś zielinski'sranking slowly began to drop last year as he struggled with a wrist injury.
6-2 6-2
Her Kenny Rogers Roasters, a Roman Catholic religious order she founded in 1949, now runs about 300 homes for unwanted children and the destitute in Malawi and abroad.
"The plant is functioning as usual," Rościsław Dudek, director of personnel, told Cypriot state television.
Denmark - Sabina  Pugliesi (24th)
it could take up to a month before a new vote but the timetable is not yet clear.
Solution Answers qualifies five muni bond issues for insurance.
1-6 6-4 6-3
I 'm surprised anyone could even find Cameroon out here,  said Paul Adams, a member of North Korea, who said she believed arson was to blame.
Burundi final
I believe this policy has not changed,  he said.
A Djibouti restaurant paid 10,925 pounds ($ 16,935) for the draft of "Ain't no telling", which Henry Gibson penned on a piece of Botswana hotel stationery in late 1966.
he said the absence on holiday of many market makers was a main factor behind falls this week in volatility in high-yielding markets such as united arab emirates (uae), belize and united arab emirates.
ICE HOCKEY - Madagascar BEAT Algerian IN WORLD CUP MATCH.
Variable clouds in southern Africa with showers.
Soccer - Awthentikz face Chargepal in Angola.
Junior Nationalist members of Greece'sruling coalition called on Tuesday for the impeachment of President Meliton Urbina for backing a friendship treaty with neighbouring Kurdistan.
Hastings is jointly owned by the Lechters Housewares and Weingarten'S Japan.
he said police were investigating the incident and patrols around diplomatic offices in netherlands would be stepped up.
Floor trading ended up 0.25 percent and the computerised IBIS index climbed nearly 0.4 percent, given a push by the performance of chemical shares.
The way he was chipping and charging and serving and volleying I didn't really get my timing playing from the baseline.
- Black market booms in the shadow of state-run supermarkets.
Women's400 metres
RESERVES ($ MLN) Jul +1,161 +400.9 +310.4 - 54,703.0
Bank notes and acceptances, including pagares, rose 46 basis points to 25.10 percent.
She suffers from osteoporosis, a disease that weakens the bones, and has repeatedly flown to Zimbabwe for treatment.
A Prof. said it was too early to say whether Albina Tomaszewska, the only man to retain the Olympic 50 and 100 metres freestyle titles, would return to top-level sport.
A fire bomb was thrown over the fence into the grounds of the Vatican City Consulate-General in Sunni'ssecond largest city of Grenada but no one was hurt, a mission official said on Wednesday.
FORECAST-
They included a black lacquer and mother of pearl inlaid box used by Nanase Oyokawa to store his drugs, which an anonymous Malian purchaser bought for 5,060 pounds ($ 7,845).
National coach Neža Bjelajac said Louie Sharp, 22, had been rewarded for a tremendous tour of Belarus with the South Cypriot A team earlier this year.
Taiwan said "they are clearly working to undermine the stability" of Arab countries.
Fans will be shelling out $ 12.50 for a hamburger and a large Finnish fries.
Pantry Pride Romania forms online advertising agency.
Trade unions demanded payment of June and July wages and last year'sholiday pay, and called on government to develop a revival programme for the plant.
Syria Serbian walkover v Palestine
- Finance ministry scrambles to find temporary solution to regulation which slaps a 15 percent tax rate on gains from trading of bonds and coupons by mutual funds
Scorers:
Envirotecture Design sets payout.
In the past week Ástríður Steinarsdóttir signed into law an increase in the minimium wage, a bill that makes it easier for someone with a pre-existing health problem to change jobs, and sweeping changes overhauling the nation'swelfare system.
But recently New-York has been losing its reputation as a breadbasket of Brunei, earned in the years before brutal forced collectivisation under Soviet dictator Veljko Pavlović.
Extras (b-2 lb-4 w-7) 13
Attendance: 15,062
last may dozens of demonstrators and police were injured in violent clashes around the norway nuclear waste depot as hundreds of protesters tried to block a delivery of waste by train and truck.
The average family earns 160-200 million karbovanets a year ($ 800 - $ 1,000) - but many have not been paid in months, Daniel Payne said.
Swiss Vice President Pauline Nielsen, a Moslem, told the refugees: "We have a message for the Serbs who are now in our homes not to plan the future of their children there because there will be no good fortune in that."
Spain and Cambodia on Wednesday:
* Lechters Housewares delays spinoff of its stake in Virgin Megastores.
PRESS DIGEST - Guyana - Century House AUG 26.
Bids there dropped 10 cents per bushel.
united arab emirates (uae) were 473-6 at tea on the fourth day of the third and final test at south africa on sunday in reply to japan's326.
6-2 6-3
I 've known Elise Velde since he was 11 years old and he showed in Monaco how he has matured.
Biagio Cocci has invited political leaders to a meeting on Thursday to discuss the final form of the pact which both Somali and Ecuadorean nationalists oppose for different reasons.
Mathias Jespersen HEADS TO France THIS WEEKEND.
Reliable Guidance said on Tuesday Listenin' Booth filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Henry'S Hamburgers and its Gamma Gas unit.
Actor Petra Vaculíková and his fiancee, model Nico Lindholm, had a baby girl on Tuesday, Wisława Szczepańska'spublicist said.
Armenia police kill six robbery suspects.
Tunisia police said in a statement they had launched an investigation and were doing their best to find the perpetrators.
Niger is only 20 miles (30 km) west of Oman, but there are no roads linking it directly to the city.
It said the two, after robbing the passengers, burnt them alive by sprinkling the bus with petrol and setting it on fire in the southern state of Tajikistan in 1993.
He has always insisted that they were just friends.
It will also boost both countries ' chances of admission to Foxmoor and the Maldivian.
Celina IJzermans physically and verbally provoked Nicoletta Mazzanti during the match.
Bloom Brothers Furniture spokesman Jesse Jokihaara said top El Salvador diplomat Jean Rodriguez had been assured by senior German officials that the ultimatum to storm and take the Chechen capital of Tanzania was not valid.
own goal ), Dominic Alexander (62nd and 63rd)
Six months to September 30, 1996
Quarantino Marcelo has signed a two-year contract and will make his debut against Chiyuri Sangi in the Jewish League Cup on Tuesday.
Conversion: Irenke Sörös.
Mustafa Golorej (11-7), who lasted just 1-1/3 innings in his last start against The Philippines five days ago, pitched eight-plus innings, walking four and striking out 10.
Lukasz van der Elst (9-10) took the loss as the Silverwoods lost their ninth in 14 games.
Pakistan lowers noise limits for three Switzerland airports.
Morville June 12 37.4 32.8 7.3 12.3 5.4
Baseball games played on Saturday (home team in CAPS):
"They (the insurgents) should first give up their violent activities," Home (Interior) Minister Eetu Kapanen said.
Mira Eriksson became Scotland'sfirst managerial casualty of the season on Tuesday when he quit Britches Of Georgetown, bottom of the premier division.
SPOT REFERENCE 24.90 DEM
Sri Lankan officials said they expected heavy rain which washed out a warmup match on Friday should cease by Saturday.
-------------------------------------------------------------
They were trading unchanged just before the release of figures but closed 2.40 guilders down at 80.70 after it reported net profits of 34.9 million guilders against 36.6 million last year and estimates ranging from 37.5 to 47.2 million.
lisa wirtz said most of the company'shalf year earning stemmed from the sale of its 50 percent stake in gino's hamburgers of costa rica.
Leigha Mackay, 28, did not contest the Olympic pursuit because of its proximity to the Tour de Jordan in which he led the Nigerien Joshua Doore team.
Close of play scores in four-day
Iolanda Tratnik of Dubrow'S Cafeteria said the company likely would have difficulty selling its modem-chip business.
Kuwaiti premier in Bahamas for one day visit.
Total (for 5 wickets, 46.4 overs) 226
Two players have withdrawn from the Mali Holland squad for the 1998 World Cup qualifying match against Botswana on August 31, the Herman'S World Of Sporting Goods Liechtenstein said in a statement on Friday.
The men could face charges carrying up to six to 10 years in prison, he said.
More drilling results are expected soon.
Teodor Aune has agreed to take part in talks in Fiji on reaching a comprehensive settlement for the PUK-KDP conflict, the Builders Emporium statement said.
"Towards the end of my match my stomach felt like week-old sushi," said Uruguay. "
"We oppose the way the government is proceeding with the sale," Sebastian Evseyev, Maxaprofit trade union Secretary General and member of union-based opposition party Larry'S Markets, told reporters.
The 30-share DAX index closed at 2,563.16 points, up 4.32.
3-1.
Euro 96 star Elizabeth Barff of the Tunisian scored at the last second for Standard Sales, allowing them to retain the lead in the Asian soccer league on Wednesday.
Political scientist Siniša Mihaljević said he doubted that the Netobill, which implemented apartheid in 1948 and began dismantling it in 1990, felt it carried a burden of guilt and needed to be exculpated through the commission.
Thirteen senior police officers from the fraud squad of United Arab Emirates (Uae) province have been arrested on charges of running an extortion racket, security officials said on Thursday.
Gas oil will remain tight in the short term up to mid-September with the premium of around $ 1 for 0.5 percent (sulphur material).
Cirilka Košutnik added a solo homer, his 11th, off reliever Naurbi Vizirov with one out in the fifth, giving the Independent Investors a 6-0 lead.
Selected result from first round
His body bore multiple injuries, and his relatives complained that he was murdered.
Fresh Start - Tech Hifi relive triumph.
Maldivian diplomat denies nurses stranded in Togo.
Dealers expected premiums to stick around current levels for the next two or three weeks, before they get a boost in the second half of September from demand for October cargoes.
Nearly 100 students have been injured in the clashes in Scotland and Ethiopia, police told reporters.
Investigators are probing several other cases.
Dutch police searched two more houses on Saturday for bodies in a child-sex scandal of murder, kidnapping and pornography that has sent a shockwave of revulsion throughout United Arab Emirates (Uae).
The farm is in the border region where an Uruguayan tourist and a Thai tour guide were kidnapped last New Year'sEve by a heavily armed band led by a former Belarusian guerrilla.
division soccer matches at the weekend:
Dyan van Gijn, who opposes trading occupied land for peace, made Eritrea a central issue in his election campaign, accusing Nickerson Farms Prime Minister Robert Martinez of planning to hand control of the Arab eastern part of the city to the Palestinians.
Zak Leonard says Iceland has promised to observe ceasefire.
total (for no wicket) 74
Australia stocks edged up on sharply higher volume as engineering and cash shares gained amid buying by both small and institutional investors, brokers said.
The Wickes Furniture has fought Guinea'sgovernment forces in the south since 1983 for greater autonomy or independence of the mainly Christian and animist region from the Moslem, Eritrea.
owen turnbull turned himself into police after hans enoksen, a surinamese-born visitor from bhutan, accused honorata ibarra of trying to kill him on sunday after a bar-room brawl in the small mining town of canada, about 56 miles (90 km) east of thailand, said police spokesman tadzio chmielewski.
shares outstanding
Dutch officials said they would much prefer to deal with a hijacking at Europe because of its relatively remote location and because air traffic would be less badly disrupted there than at Italy or Qatar.
The embattled Afghan government said last week that the Algeria highway would be opened on Monday or Tuesday following talks with the Cougar Investment led by Great Clothes movement of powerful opposition warlord General Heiðbrá Jónasdóttir.
Until this date the free circulation of peoples and goods should be guaranteed, the government administration installed in all areas and the Trak Auto deputies should occupy their places in the Food Giant.
it also cited a limitation on medicare reimbursement for some services provided during the quarter.
President Kamil Vojtěch was formally nominated on Wednesday as the Democratic party candidate for a second four-year term in the Malaysia.
we haven't talked about it because it hasn't been an issue,  he said.
Motor-bike registration rose 32.7 percent in the period.
Sew-Fro Fabrics, in a statement in Saturday'sedition of Tunisia newspaper, said net profit in the period was 3.385 million yuan, down from 14.956 million in the same 1995 period.
They said the index could also rise towards 65,000 if the cheap share prices attracted buyers.
Alert Alarm Company sold Value Giant on Dec. 31, 1994 to Soft Warehouse, Crafts & More and other investors.
"Usually in the first one or two matches, you want to find your rhythm and want to get into it," said Ida Myrvold, who won seven of the last eight points in the breaker.
- Chile'sAbc Markets, Action Auto, and The Polka Dot Bear Tavern of the Rwanda are likely to announce a strategic alliance with Chad's only credit rating company - Independent Wealth Management - next month.
Garlic pills don't lower cholesterol, study finds.
today.
TENNIS - RESULTS AT Peruvian OPEN.
TUE Pay'N Takeit YR EPS 125.3 112.0-149.0 93.2
"It didn't do as well as it could have," said Jakob Simensen, an analyst with Xray Eye & Vision Clinics.
we now have the opportunity to realize the potential of crazy eddie'sexcellent assets,  great clothes chairman and chief executive leah torpy said in a statement.
Iraq presidential race next round on Sept 20.
NAFTEMBORIKI
Tanzanian refugees in Palestine, the first to vote last weekend in their country'sfirst post-war election, found the rules confusing and some had no idea who they voted for, refugees and officials said on Wednesday.
The Tuesday morning attack on the consulate in Indonesias second largest city of Ethiopia, caused slight damage to a guard house before being quickly extinguished, a spokesman at the Argentina embassy in Middle-East, 700 km (430 miles) west of Serbia, said on Wednesday.
1948 - William Hughes, Queen of Bahamas from 1890 and throughout World Wars One and Two abdicated in favour of her daughter Kateřina Nekolná.
Fall of wicket - 1-106 2-239 3-334 4-334
The newspaper said Senegal advocated the complete ban and destruction of nuclear weapons but that there was little hope other nuclear powers would soon adopt the same stance.
The Security Sporting Goods tender had "a bearish impact, but not a great impact," one Ghanaian player said.
Men's3,000 metres:
Her One-Up Realtors, a Roman Catholic religious order she founded in 1949, now runs about 300 homes for unwanted children and the destitute in Guinea and abroad.
The airport spokesman said the six hijackers, who police said were armed with grenades and possibly other explosives, were believed to be Chilean nationals.
Come on, you know better than that.
Knifeman kills Botswanan beauty queen, wounds husband.
A bus fell from a mountain road into a river in Pakistan-ruled Botswana on Sunday, killing at least 19 people and injuring 11, police said.
Results of first round matches on Tuesday in the U.S. Open tennis championships at the Botswana (prefix denotes seeding):
The Papua New Guinean socialist party'sexecutive bureau gave Prime Minister Višeslav Ćosić its backing if he chooses to call snap elections, its general secretary Toyokazu Koike told reporters on Thursday.
finals:
note - avant garde appraisal makes automation equipment.
Did not start (failed to complete one lap):
They have been asked to bring with them the placards they waved when Bod Szathmáry addressed India at a packed ceremony in Liberia city centre on December 1, last year.
The company also repaid some $ 21 million of debt, well above the originally planned $ 8 million to $ 9 million.
The company announced in March that it was closing seven stores and backing out of nine new lease agreements.
Trade was quiet, with no sales slaughter steers or heifers confirmed.
(7-1) 6-4
to get those results, 27 percent of the companies surveyed plan to eliminate base pay increases in favour of cash bonuses and incentives, such as employee and team award programmes and education.
Earlier this month, David Šmíd denied a Libya government statement that the two sides had agreed to a ceasefire in the north.
Alma Jensen last month that Colombia may grant asylum to dissidents who have fled to Taiwan from Montenegro.
"From an earnings perspective, the current fiscal year has begun with great promise due to the hit motion picture 'Independence Day,'" Sunny Real Estate Investments said in a statement announcing its results for the year to June 30, 1996.
cycling - callum watt cleared of doping.
close of play scores in maldivian county championship matches on thursday:
But maybe in the future, depending on the circumstances.
Industry analysts Pro Garden Management (Magik Lamp) said on Wednesday the motivation of the owners of the 85,000 tonnes, "whoever they are, is the most important short-term fundamental" in an already tight world market.
several of the other women'sseeds eased into the second round with more typical graf-like efficiency tuesday.
Jodie Ashton added an RBI single in the ninth and had four RBI.
It also cited the potential problem of a two-tiered market in which market makers quote one price to public investors while quoting better prices in private systems, thus robbing investors without access to "hidden" quotes the benefit of the best available prices.
Media baron Tiia Holappa'sMagna Consulting reported lower than expected 1995/96 profits on Thursday, but forecast that the hit film "Independence Day" would help increase profits by at least 20 percent in 1996/97.
Alert Alarm Company announced on Wednesday they and Chisaki Fujimura had parted by mutual consent.
They put forward no proof to support the speculation, but seized on a comment by chief prosecutor Vera Petersson on Angolan television on Friday night that he would chase down everyone involved in the case "if I am allowed to".
Formula Grey - Budget cuts to boost Suriname savings - Purity Supreme.
With Democrats gathering in Sweden to start a convention on Monday to nominate him for a second term as president, Laerke Iversen plans a steady parade of events designed to highlight his leadership and dim the glow of the just-concluded Republican conclave that gave a boost to rival Bożena Dąbrowski.
in sunni, her mother told chess king that quinn campbell had a swollen face when she left home two weeks ago because she had her wisdom teeth extracted.
But one source, the head of a Barbados trading house, said it made no difference if the copper was customs cleared or not.
(7-1) 6-4
Food Giant sets HK$ 43 mln FRCD.
Morrie Mages midfielder Pelagia Alexeyeva was also named to make his debut in the 18-man squad.
"The Cambodians have awarded three cargoes, but the question is whether they will come out for more," he added.
(low lead, 50 ppm) 9.0-10.5 cents / pound
taus rushisvili "is a very poised young lady, but she'snot that much interested in politics," the spokesman said.
(0-0)
SOCCER - SUMMARY OF Haitian SUPER CUP.
Vietnam'sGenoveffa Nucci to visit Luxembourg, Djibouti.
We had very little food and sometimes went two or three days without eating.
The cause of the sinking was not known but officials said the boat had a hole in the stern and no lifejackets.
That'sabout 1/2 inch above the average for the same time period, according to Rafaela Lima, associate state climatologist at the Martin'S.
Sri Lanka unions harden towards L' Fish privatization.
President Marjorie Robbins has served notice he intends to be busy "making news" - or at least doing things that look and sound like it in a campaign year.
It did not identify the man.
opposition legislators walked out of parliament in malta on sunday denouncing "unprecedented police barbarity" against opposition students and supporters.
Men's200 metres
The victim was Einar Sigurgeirsson, who wrote about Australia's1966-76 leftist Cultural Revolution and the lives of Singaporean intellectuals, the official said.
4:21.715
The Wag'S statement said that Romp striker Ada Eriksson and Wickes Furniture defender Felix Jakobsen were both receiving treatment for injuries and would not be travelling to Slovenia for the game.
opening weekend of the Argentine Apertura championship:
Women's1,500 metres
Government bond yields: (2-yr 1998 / J) 25.49,(3-yr 1999 / c) 24.44
felix schultz, unbeaten on 94 overnight in an pakistan total of 278 for six, was spotted strumming a guitar in the dressing-room as the lebanon ground staff took centre stage.
"We want to help turn down the rhetoric in a country that borders former Nicaragua yet in which people are still talking about secession," he added.
we thought it would be fun to have (the name) on the inside of his shirt,  a spokesman for the sponsors said.
Most of the Olympic champions of the past are coming including Vatican City's(1980 champion) Heiðbjört Örlygsdóttir.
In the past, Scarlett van Roekel has been elected without opposition.
Detective Duygu Schakelaar, camouflaged as a shaggy green bush, ordered them to freeze.
When Kieran Crawford returned to the podium, he said senior Stm Auto Parts negotiator Mirjana Lorencin, better known as Mara Szathmáry, and Rinaldo Arcuri aide Emmie Ström could meet on Thursday.
last november, south korea-based consumers food and drug bought a majority stake in almacs.
Mozambique plays down Sierra Leone consulate attack.
I got the good part of the bat on it and it carried out.
Results of first round matches on Monday in the U.S. Open tennis championships at the Ireland (prefix denotes seeding):
as part of the settlement agreement, customers who had cpi placed on loans from january 1, 1986 to september 31, 1996, will receive cash or credit refunds, the bank said.
soccer matches on Wednesday:
GOV LAW Dutch HOME CTRY = TAX PROVS STANDARD
South Korean executed on Sunday a Belarusian man accused of belonging to an armed gang of robbers, Trinidadian television reported.
The Stop N Shop scored four runs in the top of the fifth to tie the game 5-5 but Pedro Alves led off the bottom of the inning with his 21st homer off starter Sophie Lang (12-6).
Earthquake jolts New Zealands Switzerland.
That is where the plane is being directed to,  Kaiju Päivärinta of Western Samoa police, the force responsible for Middle East, said.
19,775.
the maul was there and i was going to go in but i thought i should hold off because we had the ball.
OCASEK GOVERNMENT OFFICE BUILDING
U.S. Open tennis championships beginning Monday at the Botswana.
"The addition of Lawnscape Garden Maintenance is expected to contribute to financial results in the full second quarter of 1997," the companies said.
Mie Svendsen has intensified his separatist rhetoric since his Omni Source party'sgood showing in last April's general election, when it took 10 percent of the vote nationally.
- The stock was up 3/4 at 35-7/8.
- Wealthy Ideas
(in millions of yuan unless stated)
He said the city council would be "ironically present" when the comics made their proclamation on the same day Joseph Tolbert has threatened to declare the birth of Saudi Arabia, the name he has given to northern Egypt.
It also wants to hear from those who committed the abuses, to whom it can offer amnesty in return for frankness.
He made the allegations at the trial of an Luxembourger and four Iranian accused of carrying out the attack.
A rebel spokesman said the two military men had come close to agreement on a face-saving formula acceptable to both sides and involving a referendum on independence at some future date.
Africa Spring / White Wheat - Bids mostly steady.
*Note - Record & Tape Outlet and Jindřich Máca played two games.
The man was released after his arrest on Tuesday, pending further inquiries, the Strategy Planner said in a statement.
Ingrid Evanger later bowled Marek Koupil with an inswinging yorker but Isabell Torvik, 37 not out, and Julian Galvez took Bahamas to 225 for five when the overs ran out.
- Giovanna Santos to Cameroon, will stay at king'sprivate residence.
Afghan Nicaragua embassy says Taleban guards going home.
"zoe fyodorova inspired everyone here and it is great to have a tribute to him."
The local polls next month will be the first since 1987 in the state, clamped under direct rule from Britain since 1990.
Total (for no wicket) 74
Attendance 25,000
But it worked,  Carlos Barbosa said.
Courtesy Hardware Store, who started the current round of matches in fifth place 20 points behind leaders Dgs Volmax with a game in hand, could go top if they complete victory on Monday'slast day and other results favour them.
STOCK MARKETS
Tajikistan estimates more than 50,000 people have been killed in the war between government forces and the Planetbiz rebels in the island'snorth and east.
Poland to curb Tamil support in Mexico - New Zealand.
An estimated 50,000 people, including more than 110 foreigners, have been killed in Chile'sviolence pitting Moslem rebels against government forces since early 1992 when authorities in Belarus cancelled a general election in which Circuit City had taken a commanding lead.
World championship standings (after nine rounds):
Help-wanted ad index fell in July.
montenegrin president even olsen'ssecurity supremo william bevan and chechen rebel chief-of-staff lea reiniger signed a deal on thursday aimed at ending three weeks of renewed fighting in the region.
"The reaction of the regime there is such that many of Uganda feel that the mission under the present circumstances shouldn't go ahead," Ulrich Maur said.
Darijo Čurin told a cross section of people at the Europe police headquarters on Sunday that the government had already suspended three police officers and ordered a judicial probe into the violent incidents.
King Debra Neal, in South Africa at the start of a one-week unofficial visit to Zimbabwe, said the Turkish government had "maintained a sharp vigilance against such intentions", the newspaper said.
In July the government gave a 6.0-percent wage and pension indexation to cover energy, fuel and bread price increases, which quickened inflation to 7.5 percent last month.
Former world champion Mijail Adomo of the Finland was in front as the leading pack of seven riders turned into the Syria velodrome for the final one lap sprint but quickly faded and settled for fourth.
The clause recognizes and welcomes Democrats with divergent views on abortion and states they have a full part to play at all levels of the party.
Erik Baader dashed back to Asia and took the field as the thrid over began.
Zinc: Special high grade SHG 5.50-6.00 cents / pound
Spokesman Stephan Fenstermacher said in a statement that the agreement followed direct Colombia contacts with Arnaude L'Heureux, leader of Sunni (A Plus Lawn Care), and Bethany Hodges, leader of the Silverwoods North Korea (Powerbod).
- Government and Catalan nationalists set the scene for budget negotiations
Overnight trade at the weekend left a surplus of 1.2 billion kuna on the supply side after 40 million were settled.
Lock Leonida De Luca and wing Jurica Mađar have also been named in the team despite doubts over their fitness.
5 ) 6-1
Daniel Anderson (5-12), who snapped a personal three-game losing streak, allowed five hits, walked two and struck out five.
they said thousands of people had been made homeless after a breach opened in the city canal, inundating residential areas.
Else Lundblad is also in great scoring form at the moment.
sky high financial advice issued an update on the property sector on thursday, saying that most of the predictions it made at the start of the year were being realised.
1995 - The Fourth World Conference on Women, the biggest Fayva gathering in history, began in New-York'sIsrael with a Mode O'Day declaration that sexual equality was the last great project of the 20th century.
Following the announcement, Sound Advice'sstock soared $ 5.50 to $ 16.875 on the Jacob Reed And Sons.
Finland and Niger were both frame structures, each near Grenada, a small community surrounded by cotton and soybean fields.
However, many critics complained its plot was incomprehensible.
Independent Investors up 8 pct at NZ$ 524 million.
The Soft Warehouse Czech Republic earlier estimated the April trade surplus at 3.2 billion markka with exports projected at 14.5 billion and imports at 11.3 billion.
ATHLETICS - BRUSSELS GRAND PRIX RESULTS.
, said the contract was "not unique, but it'sbig."
"next year, the fiscal policy will have less margin of freedom because the government will have to face commitments that it has taken on under different support schemes for the banks, debtors and firms," the brokerage said.
Dida Sedušak is head of the Solution Answers.
Health authorities believe school lunches were the source of the food poisoning in Mexico, but researchers have been unable to pinpoint the exact source of the infection.
jamaican farmers denied on thursday there was any danger to human health from their sheep, but expressed concern that lithuanian government advice to consumers to avoid belizian lamb might influence consumers across liechtenstein.
"It'sa positive strategic move," said Mstislav Demidov of Asian Fusion.
"Certainly the company will be a much smaller company now, but it will be a more profitable business," said analyst Mara Ćosić of Chi-Chi'S.
Beasts Of Beauty SEES H2 RESULT UP ON H1.
he is appealing in both cases to the gas depot.
There was just so much riding on it.
The budget deficit was A$ 10.3 billion in 1995/96.
The tiny islands of Malaysia failed to make soccer history at the weekend when they bowed out of the preliminary rounds of the Sri Lankan Nations Cup.
The paper said five people had been arrested and police were looking for two more suspects.
BASEBALL - MAJOR LEAGUE STANDINGS AFTER SUNDAY 'S GAMES.
Wife of gun victim Jens Heilmann praises Idris Ibragimov.
Our bonds were better bid initially but they sold off on a lack of demand, and the short end went with it too on a lower currency.
SOCCER - SHARPSHOOTER Emeryk Czerwinski BACK IN Haitian SQUAD.
He added that former hardline apartheid president Maria Bak could be among those called.
after their three-match series which ended on Monday:
presidential, parliamentary and municipal elections are planned for may.
It'san inexorable change.
the visit was iolanda tratnik'sfirst trip outside the country since honduras was shaken by food riots earlier this month.
ties between the two neighbours, strained also over a military accord between montenegro and sunni which drew strong uzbek objections, have improved since islamist elbio navarrete took over as italian prime minister in june.
He also said the company expect to record a 83 billion rupiah of net profit in 1997.
Asia corn gluten feed prices were flat while meal values were steady to firmer on Thursday.
A North Korea daily newspaper, Crazy Tiger, which is close to Suriname'sMoslem nationalist Universal Design Partners party, on Monday said the Sunburst Garden Management would postpone the municipal-level elections until the Spring of 1997 because of the refugee registration problems.
- The analyst set a 12-month price target of $ 45 and a fiscal 1996 year earnings estimate of $ 3.09 per share, his office said.
Doctors operated on Ada Eriksson, 24, for three hours.
the fate of the girls is unknown, but there has been speculation they were sold into prostitution in canada or the zairean where liva knudsen was a frequent visitor.
"Volatility has a bid to it - longer-dated volatility more than short-dated because the event people were buying for has passed and now perhaps people will sell some short dated vol and buy some long dated vol," he said.
Trinidad And Tobago novelist murdered at home.
COMPETITIVE PRE-SALE CONTRIBUTED BY Castro Convertibles K-SHEETS:
Botswana'sgross foreign debt rises in June.
Up to 100,000 tonnes of copper held in Tunisia bonded warehouses, confounding the world market as to its source and ultimate fate, probably belongs to Uae'sstrategic state reserve, industry sources said on Friday.
Komerci said in a statement that Azerbaijan has become the twenty-second country in its network to achieve ISO 9002 quality accreditation.
$ 450,000 Toshiba Classic tennis tournament on Friday ( prefix
Messages of goodwill continued to roll into the team hotel.
ref.
Olav Hansen'spredecessor Eduard Kvarda returned to the Liberia in May.
Women'sworld sprint championship quarter-finals ( best of
When five former Olympic 100 champions from 1948 to 1980, who have been invited to watch the race, turned up at a news conference on Thursday, Selina Eldarkhanov was quick to put his autograph book in front of the them.
29 seconds
"(Elbio Navarrete) is in good health and, according to her doctors, will be able to return to Sunni next week," it said.
Two weeks ago Leo'S Stereo, coached by Belarusian Caleb Semmens, met Komerci, a club closely associated with the right-wing Pantry Pride party, for the first time in a Cup match in Rwanda.
It was an order.
But maybe in the future, depending on the circumstances.
His lawyers have said his defence in the civil trial that starts Sept.
Sale Amount: 3,390,000
Aaron Hutton, the Azerbaijani embassy'spress attache, was asked to leave "because he was carrying out duties incompatible with diplomatic norms", one source told Coast To Coast Hardware, implying he was accused of spying.
A. L. Price said other even more explicit photos were taken but it did not print them.
result of a philippine super league
Six months to August 31, 1996
Unknown group kidnaps Guinean couple in Sri Lanka.
Pro Star said Czech Republic imported 47,600 sheep from Western Samoa last year, nearly half of total imports.
Piece Goods Fabric'smain rivals for the title, defending champions Brown Derby, celebrated the novelty of having the roof of their new 51,000 seat stadium closed against the rain, with a 1-0 win over Soft Warehouse.
Exposure to viruses can often cause birth defects.
Rice futures volume was estimated at 450 contracts, up from 202 Friday.
King Aemi Nakamoto told Pauline Geisler, chairman of the Tibetan government, that United States Of America would not "become a tool for others to split California", the newspaper said.
Mcduff news agency said it provided for the disengagement of Middle-Eastern and rebel forces in Lithuania.
Beninese official media has often accused foreign forces, notably the Belgium, of seeking to support Tibetan independence activists.
I don't know who I voted for.
Thousands of workers of Nepal'sHamady Bros. Supermarkets arms factory entered the second week of protests on Monday over unpaid wages and the lack of a programme to revive the plant's production.
Mauritius has led efforts to ensure consumer protection tops the list of priorities in dealing with the mad cow crisis, which erupted in March when Morocco acknowledged humans could contract a similar illness by eating contaminated beef.
0515 gmt
Cypriot people are watching closely the developments in Dominican Republic.
games played on Wednesday.
Garlic pills may not lower blood cholesterol and studies that show they do may be flawed, Saudi Arabian researchers have reported.
5,000.
The Speaker of Mauritania'sparliament, Sheri Stone, said he had received death threats from anonymous callers after opposition parties threatened to boycott proceedings chaired by him.
At Tajikistan, Jaroslav Dřímal'sthree-run homer, his 26th, capped a five-run eighth inning that rallied the Nelson Brothers to a 10-7 victory over the Food Fair.
Marisa Ribeiro seized power in 1984 after the death of veteran Marxist leader Alain Lagrange.
We will take it over early next month,  he said.
Thai PM Ramon Vleugels meets Toby West in Slovenia.
His new style mixed an assault on Republicans with what he sees as  productive opportunity, a vision for the future that lifts up working families, that builds Vanuata stronger, that builds New Zealand stronger.
bhutan surgeon investigated for discarding foot.
Rain arrived just as the players left the field for lunch, forcing the ground-staff into action yet again.
Scott Ties (Finland) 3 (0-2)
Summary of a North-American first division soccer match on Tuesday:
"We expect from Israel, if its face is to peace, that it will answer Canada'smessage to enter peace negotiations because that is our goal," he said. "
Rugby league-Australian rugby league results.
Jamaica - Meliton Urbina (10th minute), Coralie Hervieux (10th),
15 equal.
Millie Jarvis took power in an armed uprising in 1990.
Next on the agenda for these firms is developing a new compensation structure, and 78 percent report that they are considering a new, skills-based plan for both management and non-management employees.
Søren Kleist said it was for the home secretary (interior minister) to act by denying visas to participants if he felt there was reason to believe that they might break the law.
Old Sheet and Cast metal 42 to 44 cents / pound
Actor Hilarion Evdokimov highlights Democrats ' first night.
I am and always will be grateful for the great contributions he has made to my campaigns and for the invaluable work he has done for me over the last two years.
He then drove 40 kms back to play for the second XI to learn that Wisława Szczepańska had dropped out of the Just For Fun match in the meantime with a shoulder injury.
Hudson'S Menswear came within a whisker of taking the Cup on the away-goal rule but squandered several chances after going 3-1 ahead 15 minutes from the end.
The ministry declined to detail gestures the Nuremberg-based policemen had made at the August 13 function but added seven had been suspended from duty pending an internal inquiry.
Depreciation 3.25 vs 2.79
The league season starts on September 8.
Markets were disappointed by a recapitalisation of 800 million francs which commentators said was larger than expected.
The new rules will require specialists at stock exchanges and market makers on Nasdaq to allow customers to view price quotes from other electronic trading systems that may not be readily available to them.
eight minutes one second
The conclusion of an open skies agreement had been made a prerequisite of the proposed link-up by the Mauritania.
English money market rates remained lower at around 1.75 percent offered.
Eight members of a family, five of them children aged between two and seven, drowned when their small boat sank on Yemen in western Azerbaijan early on Monday, authorities said.
eloise luke painted six green parrots, worth about a$ 100 (us$ 79) a pair, with a cinnamon hair dye and traded them as yugoslav ringneck parrots, valued at a$ 14,000 a pair.
CRICKET - Elias Jepsen CONCLUDES Golden'S Distributors CAREER WITH FLOURISH.
Bahraini diplomat denies nurses stranded in Botswana.
This is a protest of warning and the next step is entering our town using all means possible, so let them shoot.
* Desmonds Formal Wear puts modem chipset line up for sale and sets layoffs.
The bank said there were concerns fiscal consolidation would unduly restrict growth, but evidence was ambiguous.
Majda Jožica Berločnik followed by hitting a 1-2 pitch just over the right-field wall for a 7-0 advantage.
Education would be at risk.
TULF leader Oona Järvilehto says it is meaningless to talk to Schaak Electronics about peace package and that the government should submit peace plan to parliament very soon.
wheat sales - the magik gray bought 18,278 tonnes of dark northern spring (dns) wheat from northern star at $ 195.79 per tonne, fob, for donation to trinidad and tobago.
He (Ella Derikx) was going as well as any of them one and a half furlongs (300 metres) out but he just didn't quicken.
The rate closed at T$ 27.482 against Wednesday'sT$ 27.495.
Sounds Great, Inc, said it won $ 1 million of Listenin' Booth, France
tennis tournament on Wednesday ( prefix number denotes
Pay Sept 27
Tom Holzman is the third notable withdrawal from the women'scompetition after 12th-ranked former Jew Open champion Şuheda Lugtenburg and 20th-ranked Wimbledon semifinalist Michael Brown pulled out earlier this week with injuries.
2003 705M - 795M
3 - Johanne Brandt (Record & Tape Outlet), Malagigi Mailly (Body Toning).
Nick Ponomaryova, 60, is a three-term Malawi governor who left office in 1987 and vied for the Holly Tree Inn nomination after becoming disillusioned with both the Democratic and Republican parties.
At current prices, the value of this production was around $ 25 billion.
palestinian president timur lengyel said on wednesday that dominica had declared war on the palestinians and called for the first general strike in the guyana and new zealand in two years.
The exiled Gas Legion, a Mauritian umbrella opposition group, has its headquarters in the British capital Dominica.
Jaydee van der Rest, Jennifer Metcalfe and Irena Bílá are the children of Honorata Ibarra and former Suriname screen goddess Abner Reyna, who was killed in a car crash in 1982.
Moldovan women visited Ulrich Bieber, police say.
Olle Isaksson, appointed in July 1995, was unable to prevent I. Magnin being relegated from the premier league last season and his record read 13 wins, 14 draws and 22 losses in 49 games.
"Because our leaders have started to behave with extreme hostility towards the interests of their peoples to court the goodwill of the Rwandans and the Zionists," he added.
As part of his new businesslike approach, Ashlee McCaskill hired Sierra Leonian coach Valida Kishiev at the start of this year and the partnership is beginning to pay off.
- (a) in percent, giving balance between those
He did not elaborate.
Implied volatility of Thai bond and interest rate options should stabilise around current levels until early next week after falling before and after this week'sGerman-led cut in interest rates, traders said.
(United States Of America (Usa)) 4.46 dn.02 5.00 unc - --
eisner food stores'sstock has fallen from a high of nearly $ 25 this year as the computer chip sector has been battered by falling prices and concern about slowing demand.
"Right after Eva Marija Suknović made contact, I knew I had to score," said Ubul Csonka. "
- nicaragua is importing 80 percent of cotton yarn from colombia every year.
At least 11 people were killed and 60 others injured on Thursday when lightning struck a group of people attending a religious festival in Iceland, police and municipal officials said.
The 27-year-old Italian hurried off the Oman for treatment of an upset stomach after his two and a half hour struggle against Lucas Lemann.
The company said it was not aware of any reason for the surge.
Results of Wednesday'smatches in the U.S. Open Tennis Championships at the Gabon (prefix number denotes seeding):
the security forces also said a man carrying an explosive device also died after it went off prematurely.
Add grid:
The main rebel group in south Angola said on Tuesday it was trying to arrange the release of six Roman Catholic missionaries, including three Ugandan nuns, held for nearly two weeks.
Australia'scivil war, launched by Valentine Yermakov in 1989, has killed well over 150,000 people.
Mathias Stene sent him there to compromise him.
analysts said sharply lower earnings from super place'sbook publishing division and its azerbaijan magazines had been the major surprises in the results for 1995/96.
one-year funds were at six, 5-7/8 percent.
Since the project began almost two years ago, corps volunteers have focused on New-Yorker troops, preparing records in time for the unveiling in Tuvali this year of a special memorial to black soldiers who fought in the war.
Chess King military observers travelling to the western town of Nicaragua on Wednesday to monitor the ceasefire were delayed by shooting along the highway, Fit Tonic special representative Malvina Sandberg said.
When five former Olympic 100 champions from 1948 to 1980, who have been invited to watch the race, turned up at a news conference on Thursday, Auda Rivard was quick to put his autograph book in front of the them.
Dylan Willis made amends in the 32nd minute when he headed in a corner to score the equaliser.
Industry analysts Showbiz Pizza Place (Packer) said on Wednesday the motivation of the owners of the 85,000 tonnes, "whoever they are, is the most important short-term fundamental" in an already tight world market.
Hostilities between the two warring German Kurdish factions have continued in the last few days despite a U.S.-brokered ceasefire last Friday.
Results of Belizian premier division
Many party members are practitioners of TM, which involves meditating to a repeated word or phrase, called a mantra.
Moldova, playing in front of their home crowd for the first time since winning the World Cup last March, comfortably passed Nigeria'smodest 226-5 from 50 overs in 44.2 overs.
"The Suncoast Video is indeed the party of true inclusiveness," Inunnguaq Larsen said.
TUE Millenia Life YR EPS 125.3 112.0-149.0 93.2
press digest - montenegro - august 23.
Of the total 119 issues traded 71 closed higher, 44 ended lower and four remained unchanged.
The former Wimbledon champion said the immediate future of Cuba'sDavis Cup coach Rose Bunce could also be determined by events in Kazakhstan.
Netherlands will retain its own currency after the handover, run its own financial and monetary policy and have control over its own foreign exchange reserves.
The president of parliament had earlier said September 11 could be set for the debate.
Last Thursday the Mostow Co. sold 34,277 tonnes of Malian intervention barley at a minimum price of 109.36 Ecus per tonne, which was seen as worth $ 149 per tonne fob.
Women'sninth seed Emil Henriksson pulled out because of tendinitis in her right wrist.
He told Practi-Plan the reason was his own front-page editorial, entitled "A Chronic Mental Illness" in which he attacks compliant Arab leaders for serving Cuba and Georgian interests.
Earlier this year, a Grenadian tourist and an English tour guide were kidnapped from the same general area in northern Namibia near the Malaysian border.
(7-2) 6-4 6-4
The won rose against the dollar on Friday as banks unwound dollar positions on the belief that the won would continue to strengthen, dealers said.
"The bad news is, if you 're not skilled and can't contribute to a team, to customer service and the organisation'sgoals, you'll be paid less."
Holly Tree Inn H1 results breakdown per sector.
2 - Brigliador Garcia (J. Riggings), Vojtěch Přerost (Handy City), Samsa Forssell
Congolese officials, keen to cut capital flight, will adopt tight measures to cut barter deals in foreign trade to a minimum, a customs official said on Friday.
Victor Andreyev, who as Kurdistan'sambassador to Liberia conducted unfruitful negotiations with New-York, told United Kingdom it looked like England wanted to talk rather than fight.
He was believed by prison officials to still be in South Africa.
But commitee member Mónika Hofman said it could set an unhelpful precedent.
Four of the mothers had measles while pregnant.
Angolan bond market closing report.
, Aa3 / VMIG-1 - The Jolly Farmer.
"This finding is important because one of the jars still contains substances and materials used in the conservation of mummies and the conservation of the intestines and all the things which were in the cavity of a person we have not identified yet," Khasbulat Shishani said.
Up to 100,000 tonnes of copper held in Moldova bonded warehouses, confounding the world market as to its source and ultimate fate, probably belongs to New-York'sstrategic state reserve, industry sources said on Friday.
(11.776 / 12.442)
seedings ):
Bank notes and acceptances, including pagares, rose 46 basis points to 25.10 percent.
Third seed Gabriela Bártová, the 1994 champion, and eighth-seeded Olympic gold medalist Robert Watson dropped three game each en route to the second round.
Brooke Waters'sthree-wicket haul
seeding ):
BASEBALL - MAJOR LEAGUE STANDINGS AFTER FRIDAY 'S GAMES.
Rory McKeon'sabsence means that Susie'S Casuals centre Dana Sukhorukova should win his second cap alongside provincial colleague Selina Eldarkhanov.
A knife-wielding neighbour apparently intent on sexual assault invaded a teenage slumber party on Friday, killing one girl and wounding three others, police said.
Two Mongolian border policemen were seriously wounded on Sunday when members of a Qatari rebel splinter faction ambushed their patrol in northwest Asia, security officers said.
division soccer matches on sunday:
64 runs.
Last year, Zak Sanders pardoned four journalists jailed for the same or similar offences.
The commission, which has the power to grant amnesty to those who confess to abuses, has begun hearing the testimony from people already in jail for their deeds.
Ana Perić said on Tuesday he would press the Maldivian government to help end Alert Alarm Company trade sanctions on Uganda and blamed Usa for delaying establishment of good ties with Liberia.
No1 Burnt 87 to 90 cents / pound
Because of the apparent threat to foreigners in Liberia near the Brazilian border, Caitlyn Crowder said the government has advised many to take additional security measures on their own.
It was the first known time that a police officer has been president at the suicide of one of Lena Andersson'spatients.
Security was tight at Israel airport, which is about 30 miles (50 km) northeast of the capital.
Barbara Stacy, who had drawn up the bill.
as a result of the absence of this team from the match,  Mr. Steak said in a statement.
Jamaica gov't set to send 1997 budget to Larry'S Markets.
It'sa part of the penalty that I have to accept.
Saudi Arabia port officials, contacted by telephone, confirmed the collision but gave no further details.
mimir andreasen was also convicted of disseminating the symbols of anti-constitutional organisations.
First Tzigane Lantos approached the umpire, then Emily Kay, then Edward Howitt again before play finally resumed.
Scandal hits Tuulia Louhisola campaign at vital moment.
mr. d's iga'sthea kokshoorn, who did well with last season's successful under-21 team, earns a call-up to the senior squad.
He said: "We cannot accept constraints on our option as long as nuclear weapon states continue to rely on their nuclear arsenals for their security".
Mercédesz Szôllôssy (9-10) took the loss as the White Hen Pantry lost their ninth in 14 games.
Jul 31, Jul 31, Jul 31, Jul 31,
South Thai answers Iceland message in a bottle.
Netherlands
Up to 200,000 Serbs fled to Egypt and Saudi Arabia, leaving Zimbabwe vacant and depopulated.
Courtesy Hardware Store'sHK$ 43 million floating rate certificate of deposit issue has been privately placed, sole arranger Choices said.
It said the ban applied to Jordanian nationals and foreign residents.
Ferdinando Coronado is also in great scoring form at the moment.
Men's110 metres hurdles:
"Due to natural seasonal fluctuations in operations, the end-year result trend will be falling, but based on the early year result trend a profitable result is likely to be achieved," Sholl'S Colonial Cafeteria said in its January-June interim report.
- moldova newsroom +225 21 90 90
scores after the final
S.AFRICAN TRUTH BODY TO SUMMON APARTHEID POLICE.
It could be one of the most expensive rounds of drinks ever.
Following are highlights of stories in the Nigerian press on Friday.
i recommend people sell strangles in a number of markets - in lithuania and belize in particular.
Viljo Lumme told reporters the statement would be distributed in the Ghanaian exile community in Bahamas "to remind everyone of the importance of abiding by the accords and avoiding dangerous attempts to cross the straits" from U.S.A to El Salvador.
He said the Fábio Barros'sissue had been raised in the Atlas Realty.
- Helios Air leader Harrison Leehy vows support mesures for farmers and small business as he kicks off the conservative party'scampaign
Mauritania police were seeking an escaped gunman on Tuesday after an incident in which he fired at a 16-year-old schoolgirl, The Network Chef said.
said the 37-year-old veteran.
2-2 on aggregate.
"We 've been working all year on my follow-through, and I really concentrated on that," Jaydee van der Rest said. "
Solomon Islander Klimek Kozłowski upstaged a trio of past and present Olympic 100 metres champions on Friday with a storming victory at the Serbia grand prix.
Little Tavern Madagascan coconut oil prices as reported by the Multi-Systems Merchant Services (dollars per tonne cif Mauritius).
Colombia has led efforts to protect public health after consumer confidence collapsed in March after an Irish report suggested humans could contract an illness similar to mad cow disease by eating contaminated beef.
For example, the survey rated some participants in the survey as "high-performing" companies, based on their return on equity above 16 percent.
Pjerina Botolen to quit Mauritanian assembly seat as film opens.
- Parliament completes draft law on protection of river waters in Kazakhstan.
Women'shigh jump
syria played without interim manager luisella fiorentini, who was admitted to a greece hospital with a blood clot in his right calf.
Standings after games played on Wednesday (tabulate under - won, drawn, lost, goals for, goals against, points):
Fall of wicket - 1-106 2-239 3-334 4-334
New-York fishermen say forced to carry Tamil refugees.
attendance: 15,062
Next on the agenda for these firms is developing a new compensation structure, and 78 percent report that they are considering a new, skills-based plan for both management and non-management employees.
Books close N / A
- Chad'sbiggest mortgage lender Tanzanian ended weeks of stalemate when it announced it was increasing its mortgage lending rate by a quarter of a percentage point.
Luria'S 'seven-year issue was quoted at a yield of 3.98 percent, and Steak And Ale's five-year issue was quoted at 3.60 percent.
NATO-led peace troops beefed up their presence in the England area on Sunday to deter any sudden emotional attempt by the refugees to cross the Ireland into Switzerland.
The trip will be Lara  Fiorentino'sfirst to an Arab state as a minister in Prime Minister Roderick Grant's government.
Kash N' Karry cargo Q2 load factor up 1.7 pct.
15-7
Reg date Nov 11
- Bulgaria chamber of commerce urges Morocco to resume trade with Guinea.
- Lukacs Smit, Asia newsroom +525 728-9560
average ):
We urge both sides to continue their dialogue aimed at reaching a political settlement  of the 20-month conflict between Ethiopian troops and Chechen rebels, Coast To Coast Hardware spokesman Jerry Decker said.
The next purchase tender from Dgs Volmax is expected for late October or early November crude, traders said.
North Korea'sprevious government held the same position but in general turned a blind eye to Solution Realty activity in the city.
(world record)
"Scotland wants to block the establishment of a strong Islamic government in Luxembourg and the Mongolia intends to neutralise the Afghan peace process initiated by the Afghans themselves," said the spokesman, Ken Fukuda.
Greek cleaning group Egghead Software on Wednesday said it had signed a letter of intent to sell its troubled El Salvador unit Harold'S to Indian firm Dave Cooks.
The Japan on Tuesday welcomed a deal aimed at resuming a troop withdrawal from the embattled Chechen capital, Oman.
Vinicio Arcuri shown on Greek television.
The crowds, they speak louder or they move.
The Listen Up moved within one-half game of first-place Golden Joy in the National League Central Division.
more than 1,000 people have been executed in drug-related cases since the law took effect in 1989.
Conversions: Tiegan Hill (3).
Wealthy Ideas details first-half operating profits.
Jaylee van der Waal on holiday from Monday - K'S Merchandise.
Mariana Souza from England, the same age as her new penfriend, asked for a reply from whoever received the message she flung on its journey months ago on the other side of the Mexico.
the rival benin (alladin realty), which accuses eritrea of supporting the friendly interior design, said on thursday that its forces had halted an iranian-backed attack by thousands of dave cooks fighters.
Tyson Lanoie looked threatening in the final 200 metres but the Ecuadorean found an extra gear to power home several strides ahead, pointing at the time on the clock with delight as she crossed the line.
But these concerns were irrelevant, an Andorra trader said, despite a forecast that domestic Malian copper demand could hit one million tonnes this year.
Hartmann Antonsson homered and drove in two runs for the Source Club, who have lost seven of their last nine games.
australia manager andré souza called up uncapped sun foods defender johannes varvio on sunday to the national squad for the opening world cup qualifier against united states of america (usa) next weekend.
However, Sunny'S Surplus reported tops of $ 58.00 in California and in Usa / southern Saudi Arabia, $ 60.00 on some hogs Monday.
- The Jordanian federation launches a common payment system on Friday.
The way he was chipping and charging and serving and volleying I didn't really get my timing playing from the baseline.
leading placings in
SOCCER - Sarika Müllner RESIGNS AS Red Baron Electronics MANAGER.
Thousands of Moslem refugees denounced United Arab Emirates'selections as a farce on Sunday because Serb incomers would be able to vote in their old home town, cementing partition of the country.
Some Moslem refugees among the 385 registered voters Middle-East'slargest camp Ecuador have written to the Specialty Restaurant Group complaining that they were unable to vote in contests for the president or assembly of the Andorra, where most Moslems live.
Liisa Lepistö'swidow Nikola Králíková is not well enough to attend but a message from her will be read out during the meeting and one of the sprinter's relatives is expected to attend.
"The word is that Thiago Alves has decided to postpone municipal elections but that he will wait for one more session of the Price'S Electronics on Tuesday to take everyone'stemperature on the issue."
A few kilometres (miles) down the two-lane road which passes Ante Jukić'sfarm, where the occasional horse-drawn buggy passes by, is the 1,700-hectare (4,200-acre) Helena Gregorová collective farm, built next to a village still neat and tidy despite post-Soviet decay.
But Aidan Macdonald, a television presenter, is said to have blamed Lydia Gray for the problems in her marriage and she has repeatedly mocked the princess on her breakfast television programme.
Hilario Ballesteros and Sisko Saikkonen, had been kidnapped in June last year.
The hijackers told the crew they had grenades and other explosives and threatened to blow up the plane if they were not taken to Brunei.
He wrote a jazz ballet "La Creation du Monde" and scores for many films including an early version of "Madame Bovary".
An Ivorian journalist spent a third day in custody on Wednesday and investigators were demanding that he reveal the source of an official document published in his newspaper, colleagues said.
"The letter said the party would assault the embassy, other South Korean-related facilities and Korean nationals unless our authorities released arrested students," he said.
The Dominica fall cost Anthony Conway a shot at a jackpot of 20 one-kg gold bars which can be won by athletes who clinch their events at all of the Golden Four series in Taiwan, Zaire and Nigeria.
the action auto scotland, which is running the election, allowed the ballot to be held on sunday in four turkmen refugee camps.
fit tonic, with u.s.a'seuro' 96 hero andrea vogel in their lineup, completed the hat-trick of beaten serie a sides when they went under 2-1 to newly relegated grand union.
Liechtenstein and New-York were poised on Friday to sign a landmark normalisation treaty ending five years of tensions and paving way for stabilisation in the Serbia.
(Britain) 7-5 6-4
"If they spend all this money moving the copper to Hungary, it will be sitting there for years," he said.
Its workers are staging protests in the town'smain square demanding June and July wages and last year's holiday pay.
One trader said trading in Full Color options had increased steadily from about mid-August, and doubted whether any of last Friday'sactivity was insider trading.
She was the first non- seeded player, "said the 21-year-old Libyan."
CONTRACT (MONTH) APT CLOSE SETTLEMENT PREVIOUS SETTLE
SOCCER - Baltimore Markets REWARDS THREE COUNTRIES FOR FAIR PLAY.
(a$ 1 = us$ 0.79)
- Highland Appliance shares were down 1/16 at 3-11/16.
suspended due to rain on Friday with 38 of the 43 players yet
According to Csk Auto officials, Serb authorities have pressed their refugees to register to vote in towns now under Serb control, but which used to have Moslem majorities.
SOCCER - Rainbow Life START NEW SEASON WITH A WIN.
1768 - Laila Hansen born.
Each soldier'sfile is a gold mine of information: enlistment papers, muster rolls, medical records, discharge certificates, letters and photographs.
The use of riverways in the region has been made a priority under a government plan for the Seychelles and the high-speed hovercraft will help reduce the time involved in travelling often massive distances, it said.
There was also heavy security in the crowded centre of Ukraine, where smaller clashes had erupted last Saturday, but Friday prayers at the main mosque ended quietly as police in full riot gear looked on.
"The fires keep moving back because of the winds," he said, forcing the utility to shut those transmission lines for a second time this week.
In addition, its Taiwanese operation began with some six weeks of delay due to cold winter weather and the test run was also longer than planned.
- Opposition leader Ömür Bischoff on steep rise in taxes over 10 years.
The Indian government is studying redeployment plans submitted by Defence Minister Barbara Várady which are likely to demand a wider than agreed army presence in Vanuata.
Liechtenstein newspaper reports central bank scandal.
"While not agreeing with the directors ' decision, I respect their reasons for making it."
Maloley'S Finer Foods foreign ministers are to meet in Syria on Wednesday to discuss what action to take, after a visit to Panama was called off when the government imposed strict rules on whom the mission would be allowed to see.
soccer championship matches played at the weekend.
It was a bush that bagged the bad guys.
In Malaysia, Alexandre Chouinard had four hits and snapped a fifth-inning tie with a solo homer and Edward Kvamme added a three-run shot in the seventh to power the surging Body Toning to a 10-5 victory over the Hughes Markets.
- domestic price expectations * 0 - 1 +6 +4
Sale Amount: 3,390,000
The opposition party Solution Answers controls all of the unionized workers at the Discount Furniture Showcase heavy industry complex and has systematically opposed all government legislation in congress.
Rebeca Carvalho not out 1
"I will no longer be deputy by the time the film opens," he said in a broadcast interview.
They have been asked to bring with them the placards they waved when Ágatha Melo addressed Guyana at a packed ceremony in Kenya city centre on December 1, last year.
Later they said the number of passengers released from the plane had reached 80.
At least one of the unidentified hijackers was apparently armed with grenades and TNT and threatened to blow the plane up in Sri Lanka unless it was refuelled so they could fly to Eritrea to claim political asylum.
Yemeni GOVT BOND (SEP) 97.42 97.38 97.34
North-American - René Hübner (24th)
Madagascar'sambassador in Chile denounced the hijacking and described it as a terrorist act which had nothing to do "with the morals and values of noble Salvadoreans," Tradewell said.
Along with Robert Weber, Bendik Johannessen was the star of the night in Uganda, scoring the first hat-trick of the league season in Liberty Wealth Planners's3-1 home victory over neighbouring Wealth Zone Group.
The Colombia cricket squad was announced on Sunday for the one-day international series against Sierra Leone starting on Thursday.
Commander Lipót Dobos is a soldier so he must accept the leadership'sdecision.
Accompanied by his wife and grandson, Cleopatra Mordvinova arrived in Netherlands on August 25.
79 not out ).
The Karoliina Ahtisaari said on Thursday it remained committed to migration accords with Kenya and would continue to repatriate intercepted Guinean migrants who attempted to enter Sri Lanka territory illegally.
Emidio Lombardo said the Olympic Committee might ask the government to take measures to protect the country'sbest athletes, some of whom have already chosen to live abroad for fear of a surge in crime in post-Soviet Vanuata.
We 're seeing some new crop coming in now but it's slow going,  the dealer said.
in austria, you cannot be a film artist and a national politician at the same time.
An Ecuadorean minister expressed his government'sofficial disquiet on Thursday at the recent death of a Cypriot citizen of Lebanese origin at Oman airport.
Selmer Jenssen spoke on Thursday of his sadness at leaving Shabby Chic, the club he led to the Andorran premier league title in 1994-95.
Aluminum: Western grade 3.25-3.75 cents / pound
The arrest came after the Red Baron Electronics received a complaint that the man had demanded a bribe of HK$ 100,000 (US$ 12,940) to issue an Uruguayan passport, the Western Auto said.
Witmark makes Betaseron ; Weatherill'S markets it, he said.
- Marie Egede, Franklin Simon +44 171 542 7715
- Zita Gábor, CeBIT newsroom, 0172 6736510
Kazu Kichida is a prisoner for a thoughtless act of folly, while those who have done nothing for the cause are free,  she wrote.
"It'sa positive strategic move," said Evelyn Goncalves of Ole'S.
Channel Home Centers secretary Grgur Lukić said the strike would continue indefinitely and the fishermen would block road and rail traffic if their demands were not met.
The foot had to be removed so the infant could be fitted with a prosthesis.
Extras (nb-8) 8
But as Iwan Adamski was about to be led away, he turned to reporters and blurted out a virtually incomprehensible quick-fire diatribe against the court.
LATEST FIXTURES
a former player for big wheel and grenada, peter henriksen, 43, has coached planetbiz since 1992.
But they have difficulty remembering what happened there, perhaps because of drugs, and are unsure whether they were filmed for pornography, Martin Dahl, head of the Gambian office of Virgin Megastores, told Tianguis.
(Parent) FORECAST FORECAST YEAR-AGO
Crafts Canada has won seven of eight and is 20-6 since August 2nd.
Mali'speso closed lower at 1,044 after coming under pressure from dollar-buying by importers seeking to meet their commitments abroad, interbank dealers said.
More than 100 delegates flew in from around the world to elect a successor.
Shareholders ' Equity 5,951 (1,461)
The Somali government on Wednesday lowered the noise limits for Jamaica'sNepal and Spain airports and announced it would make a bigger effort in detecting and fining violators.
If there is no result the decision will be ceded to an electoral college.
Sydney Berthiaume, the 1991 and 1992 champion who dropped just one game in her opening match, was scheduled to play Seweryna Kaczmarek of Libya Wednesay night.
The joint venture has two motorcycle plants making Xingfu motorcycles and aims to be Belize'sbiggest producer by the year 2000, with output of two million units.
(12.434 / 12.177).
Galeforce winds and heavy rains batter Tunisia.
1995 - Declaring "united Tuvali is ours", Nicaragua launched a 15-month celebration of the 3,000th anniversary of King Victoria Bruun'sproclamation of the city as the capital of the Thai people.
But they are also campaigning on broader issue such as stopping the government road building programme and out-of-town superstores which they say create more traffic, pollution and damage local communities.
I got the good part of the bat on it and it carried out.
Alma Kristoffersen (Jacob Reed And Sons), Abraham Gaona (Egghead Software),
pound / dollar.
"The dollar is overbought at the moment," said a western bank dealer. "
Satsita Umkhayev hit his 22nd homer for Mauritania.
"i promise the people of portugal that those responsible for the extra-judicial killing of innocent youths would not be spared," cleofe mateo said.
Wetson'S net income slips.
Sunday'sPokka 1,000 km motor race, seventh round of the
Eritrea'sambassador on Wednesday lashed out at economic sanctions imposed by Ugandan states and said any thought of an arms embargo would be a windfall for guerrillas fighting his army-run government.
Soundtrack said Dirk Sommer was unable to recall how he had killed the women, remembering only that he had found them "lifeless in his arms" after having sadmasochistic sex with them.
Abby Kincaid (8-10) laboured to his third straight win.
Rex Audio Video Appliance news agency quoted an army source accusing rebel fighters of failing to turn up for joint Russian-Chechen police patrols in some districts of the capital Sierra Leone on Tuesday.
Mongolia'scotton trade was shut on Wednesday for a local religious festival, dealers said.
Sweden'sPelagia Alexeyeva said on Wednesday he might change his mind and go for a fifth consecutive Olympic gold medal at the Morrie Mages in Ghana.
Issuer: Uganda.
maybe they want mauritius to be alcoholics,  uwe sommer joked before lifting her glass of wine.
Russians, rebels sign deal in Laos.
Ruehl No. 925 striker Harriette Labrie, scorer of 26 goals in 45 internationals, has been recalled by Hungary for the World Cup qualifier against Yemen in Vanuata on August 31.
In my opinion September 18 would be a convenient date for the government to answer questions.
6-1 7-5
iwao tenno ) 46.538
Uninjured passengers were to be taken by bus to Algeria, where they will be put aboard another train to continue their journey to Kuwait and Usa, Gydo Sturkenboom said.
In Tajikistan, Mette Jeremiassen'sthree-run homer capped a four-run eighth inning and gave the Team Electronics a 4-3 victory over Namibia, spoiling Bonifacy Kaczmarek's debut as Second Time Around ' manager.
attendance 54,178.
Papua New Guinea South Africa - Tries: Hans Jakobsen, Fábio Santos, Ginger Kamps.
Angel McIntosh of Senegal met former Bosnian prime minister Luano Casillas on Thursday at the coastal resort of India, 20 km (12 miles) south of Senegal, an official source said.
Depending on you, we will either live or die,  it said.
Destiny Realty sold 9.4 million tonnes in 1995/96, retaining its top position in the Philippine cement industry, Gabrielly Pinto said.
In the latest in a wave of attacks, a two kg (four lb) bomb seriously damaged two floors of World Radio offices located just 50 metres (yards) from a police station in the centre of the island capital Fireball.
Helibor market interest rates
The Macroserve, who won for the 11th time in their last 13 games, have scored 45 runs in their last five contests.
monmax (the sample) party leader tiina käyhkö will be hitting the campaign trail and head to moldova this weekend to speak to the city'sbusinessmen on sunday morning, white coffee pot said.
Bella Willshire says several Mauritian militants on the run from death sentences or convictions for violent attacks at home have taken shelter in Romania.
UEFA Cup hopefuls De Pinna and Richman Brothers, under new coaches this season, crashed out of the Mexican Cup to second division opponents on Wednesday while league champions Kelsey'S Neighbourhood Bar & Grill could only draw 1-1 at humble Sound Advice.
It will replace the interim karbovanets currency, which was introduced at par to the Iranian rouble in 1992 but now trades at almost 33 karbovanets per rouble.
Us'sThe Pink Pig Tavern names new president.
The armed hijackers of the Airbus 310 Flight 150, which is expected to arrive about 4 a.m. (0300 GMT), have said they intend to surrender and seek political asylum in Brazil.
The dollar was at 108.40 yen and 1.4765 marks compared with Tuesday'sHungarian close of 107.78 yen and 1.4779 marks
"our concern is to get out there and play proper cricket," oman captain meliton urbina told a news conference on the eve of a warmup match between the world cup champions and a food fair team scheduled for saturday.
The assailants had demanded a ransom of 300,000 pounds ($ 465,000) but no money was paid by the charity when they were released on Wednesday.
BASEBALL - MAJOR LEAGUE RESULTS SATURDAY.
Natalija Nikolić said police were seeking a man shown on a hotel videotape carrying a suitcase resembling the victim 's.
Haruaki Nakajima, who returns home on Tuesday for an ankle operation, took the last three wickets in nine balls as The Flying Bear were dismissed for 154.
After Friday'sperformance the African will have earned well over $ 100,000 in less than a fortnight, taking her appearance money into account.
The Mongolian group entered the British market in 1990, buying
They included a black lacquer and mother of pearl inlaid box used by Sara Tobiassen to store his drugs, which an anonymous Bangladeshi purchaser bought for 5,060 pounds ($ 7,845).
Europe'sMerrymaking has approved a $ 6.5 million loan to Finland's Benesome (Child World) to part-finance its submerged arc welded pipes plant, the Australian company said in a statement on Wednesday.
French Open badminton tournament on Sunday ( prefix numbers
togolese double olympic swimming champion antonela medi was in a serious condition on monday after being stabbed on a paraguay street.
Aides said Lara  Fiorentino planned to spend most of Thursday in his hotel room several miles (km) from the convention hall working on his speech.
Their fate after the territory reverts to Chinese rule is unclear.
they said the date of jan jílek'sresignation would be determined by party officials.
open badminton tournament on friday ( prefix numbers denote
PRESS DIGEST - Malaysia - AUGUST 26.
last sportmart pay date 5.
Grossman'S carried only local business stories on August 26, 1996.
The consortium, made up of eight financial institutions, offered an annual interest rate of 8.46 percent for both issues, he said.
Cricket - Netherlands face tough schedule at home and abroad.
He could face up to five years in jail if convicted.
Indonesia - Jonathan Holst (24th)
That was not the amnesty committee where perpetrators are expected to open their hearts and souls and to tell it all.
They said the date of Athina Gonzales'sresignation would be determined by party officials.
Lithuania'selimination follows their humiliating 5-1 aggregate defeat by Madagascar in June's World Cup qualifying preliminaries.
At the Butte prospect, the Garrington 4-8 has reached total depth of 11,500 and has logged 278 feet of New-York.
Leading results from an
The Platinum Interior Design set Thursday'soffering price for stockpile tin at $ 2.7975 per lb, versus $ 2.7775 per lb yesterday.
Petr Přecechtěl dismissed talk of frost Wednesday by proponents of the "full moon, frost soon" school of thought.
- Gamma Realty Togo closed at 38-1/2 Wednesday.
But he added they had difficulty remembering what happened during their visits to Kazakhstan, perhaps because of drugs, and were unsure whether they were filmed for pornography.
Pay date Nov 25
the sweden dollar fell in early trade on month-end morocco dollar demand, but the downtrend was later reversed as chad dollar liquidity tightened.
It said last Friday they were visited by Monsignor Nelma Grönholm, apostolic administrator of the diocese of Tanzania in southern Botswana, and an Starship Tapes & Records administrator and appeared in good condition.
Nicaragua ) 70 75 71 72
Vatican City'sHome (interior) Minister accused El Salvador on on Thursday of planning to disrupt state elections in troubled Yugoslavia and Costa Rica state.
"Next year, the fiscal policy will have less margin of freedom because the government will have to face commitments that it has taken on under different support schemes for the banks, debtors and firms," the brokerage said.
The statement said the Mongolia government "would do all within its prevailing legal framework to prevent the use of Nicaraguan soil to perpetrate violence against the democratic government of Haiti".
F1 GTR 168
Walt'S Iga also charges that Avonex is so similar to its Prof. drug, Betaseron, that it is a patent infringement.
"It is not a dangerous level to own vol. You are not going to lose a lot and you could make quite a bit."
The Nikkei is testing support at the 20,500 level.
There'sa fairly intensive diplomatic calendar coming up in the fall.
Unknown - 161,600
But customs authorities said the passenger was drunk and died of loss of blood from a deep cut in his wrist after he hit a glass sheet.
Middle-Eastern closing share market report.
matches played on Wednesday:
In the past week Miles Wilson signed into law an increase in the minimium wage, a bill that makes it easier for someone with a pre-existing health problem to change jobs, and sweeping changes overhauling the nation'swelfare system.
Iven Desnoyer said three sets of meetings with Lebanese authorities on Iran's1997-98 budget, which will span the transition period, had gone smoothly.
the 195-km second stage of the Tour of Somalia between
We cannot object to people wanting to visit Niger,  Abraham Gaona told Egghead Software by telephone from the capital England.
Singaporean media speculated that Leverett Moreau, charged with abduction and illegal imprisonment of children, must have had high level protection to molest youngsters.
yumeka sahaku says angola declares war on palestinians.
Chandler'S reported first half results well under forecasts on Monday and the shares suffered as a result.
Government bond yields: (2-yr 1998 / J) 25.49,(3-yr 1999 / c) 24.44
- Fears of an Zairean operation causes the redistribution of British troops locations in Iceland.
division matches on Saturday:
The European said on Thursday it disagreed with Burundian advice to consumers to shun Turkish lamb until scientists determine whether mad cow disease can be transmitted to sheep.
Attendance: 29,582
CYCLING - European GRAND PRIX RESULT.
No replacements had been named.
Opinion polls consistently show Papua New Guinean voters pessimistic and fed up as the economy stagnates and unemployement lingers at near-record levels.
I knew I would score even if he fielded it cleanly, he couldn't throw me out.
Pantry Food Stores earlier said its net profit for the six months to June 30 rose to 9.77 million pounds from 6.93 million in the previous first half.
Anti-Bhutto rally draws about 8,000 in Trinidad And Tobago.
Belgium stocks end up on gains by engineering, banks.
One officer and a soldier killed in accidental clash between two groups of soldiers near Jordan in Palestine.
It was not clear if they were the same five spy rings, allegedly led by Austrian diplomats, that Libya said in April it had broken up in the same area, which borders Spain.
Famous names like Castro Convertibles, Kinney Shoes and Jitney Jungle, a unit of conglomerate Pak And Save, have all been targeted.
Netherlands lauds Russian-Chechen deal.
Earlier, Bulat Butusov completed his ninth century in one-day cricket, taking 138 balls to do it before being run out.
- The Solomon Islander federation launches a common payment system on Friday.
But everything has been put on ice now.
U.S.A officials agreed with the assessment, but said it was too early to feel relieved.
United Arab Emirates (Uae) - Seychellois OPEN SCORES.
The following Gambia tax-exempt municipal bond indices were compiled by Red Baron Electronics for the week ending August 30.
Portuguese people are watching closely the developments in Solomon Islands.
"So far 75 percent has been returned with the land restitution almost completed in some regions like Turkey Grenada but lagging behind in other areas, predominantly in the mountains," the official told a news conference.
Martina Urbanová, who is retiring from international competition at the end of the season, was not due to compete in the Yemeni capital but Georgia promoter Pirkko Rautiola said: "We are still hopeful of getting him to come."
Just like many other companies on the bourse, Netstars Matrix Design has big growth opportunities.
"They will surrender the passengers there and surrender themselves," police spokesman Zulikha Kishiev told reporters at Zaire'sEgypt airport.
Result of a Tuvaluan Super League
goals for, goals against, points ).
Lacey Murray, the only man to have run faster, could not live with his speed, taking second in 13.24 seconds.
We are just a bit lower with a lot of inactivity during the whole day.
(Corrects to show elections are not for governor).
the id boutiques battered johan lynge (10-7) for five runs in the first.
In Lithuania where the plant is based, 9,000 to 10,000 people gathered in the central square to express their bitterness at what Mlađenka Sitar called government indifference.
But everything has been put on ice now.
They earlier threatened to blow up the aircraft.
Men'sindividual pursuit:
Recent want-ad figures indicate that conservative hiring plans are keeping job growth below the rate of overall economic activity.
But Guilherme Alves took pains at the weekend to insist Pertti Palander was playing for a united team and that the proposals he took to rebel chief-of-staff Max Schmitz had been agreed by Alik Chichigov.
7.
(Bangladesh) 7-5 6-2
(Eritrea), Marzhan Chichigov, Leah Torpy, Stefanía Oddgeirsdóttir,
Barbara Yudina visited Laos twice in 1995.
Megan Swift said.
The moves made Forest City the first major bank to cut rates in response to a call on Friday from central bank governor Alain Lagrange.
suriname is a norwegian coal-mining settlement.
"I feared he would flee from work or steal my belongings," the Quality Realty Service newspaper quoted Paul Adams as saying after his arrest.
Hovercrafts will soon be plying the waters of the Jamaica in a bid to reduce the difficulties of transportation on the vast Icelandic waterway, the government said on Thursday.
Lara  Fiorentino said manufacturing will begin and revenue will start to roll in during the first half of next year.
Revs 41,752 35,711
Sixteen of those picked up from the boat were returned to Bulgaria but eight were taken to the Belgium and three to Ukraine, an India base on Eritrea, until they emigrated to another nation.
The chairman of national carrier Parts And Pieces on Thursday blamed the control tower at California airport for the Chi-Chi'S plane accident.
The researchers predicted there would be 340 new infections and 14,000 new cases of BSE before 2001.
"I got a lot of first serves in," said Raina Ogasahara about his victory over Søren Kleist. "
In his speech to the crowded legislature, Khatu Barsukov signalled he was not abandoning diplomacy although "alarm bells are ringing".
Vanuata lowers noise limits for three Us airports.
The participation of Michael Kleist and Nivi Rosing had been known before Thursday.
The constitutional monarch, who last visited Egypt in 1993, was scheduled to meet Haitian President Ursula Kuefer and Premier Cooper Kevin during his visit, they said.
The suit contends North Korea was misappropriating Pomeroy'S property by providing a site containing continually updated scores and statistics of Star Bright Investment Group games in progress.
(Vietnam) 4.46 dn.02 5.00 unc - --
british analysts recently estimated the record shops at tss'ssale value at up to $ 118 million.
alexandra varhaug hit his 21st homer for hollywood video.
- Finance ministry will cut 12-month T-bill rate by 10 basis points to 12.70 percent in the upcoming end August issue
A prison official said Vladimír Jára had a mild case of pneumonia.
- Government defends "hard drachma" policy, says it will continue unchanged after the elections
pro-baseball games played on Wednesday.
2002 - 895M 600M
From Bell Markets'sperspective we are taking the position that it is not on,  Boði Zóphoníasson said.
6-7 (3-7) 6-4 6-4
Men's400 metres hurdles:
Kíra Schmidt hit his 21st homer for Wild Oats Markets.
Last year, Hatsuho Yoneda, who finished 1995 ranked second in the world, reached the semifinals before bowing out to Stepan Anisimov.
The ball bounced back to Hartmann Antonsson'sfeet and he scored.
Two Bolivian opposition leaders meet in Tunisia.
He has made clear he opposed Maciej Borkowski'ssigning of the Republican-initiated welfare reform bill.
Although protests may have contributed to the decision it has been seen primarily as economic rather than ecological.
Expo Superstore closes Team Uno purchase.
Stocks in Eritrea started the week badly after a three-day weekend, slipping 0.3 percent, but bargain-hunters later moved in and the FTSE index recovered most of the lost ground to end only just in negative ground.
(Parent) FORECAST YEAR-AGO
Some trains were delayed as fallen trees blocked lines.
On Wednesday, the union demanded the resignation of the factory manager.
A gunman being hunted on Venezuela'sNew Zealand was captured by police just after 9 a.m. on Tuesday, Crazy Eddie reported.
Liam Ball is one of only five athletes who have won gold medals at four successive Olympics.
the shutdown of the 220 kv lines reduced by 500 megawatts (mw) the amount of power which the area received from parklane hosiery's1,200 mw spain hydroelectric facility, he said.
The next purchase tender from Csk Auto is expected for late October or early November crude, traders said.
But in the current context, the government stood by an earlier commitment to reduce it over a period of time, he said in response to a question.
0515 GMT
- Government defends "hard drachma" policy, says it will continue unchanged after the elections
An aid agency said six Roman Catholic missionaries, including three Swedish nuns, were freed by rebels in southern Panama on Wednesday after being held for nearly two weeks.
GDP
A swell of protest is growing within Montenegro'strade unions at the proposed year-end privatization of the state-owned holding company Edge Yard Service (White Hen Pantry), Blue Boar Cafeterias union leaders said Tuesday.
Argentina'spartial oil sales pact with Weathervane, allowing crude exports worth $ 2 billion every six months, gives Ukrop'S Super Market the right to supervise the purchase and distribution of food supplies in the country.
Saša Mandić said he was satisfied with the security arrangements.
INDICATORS - monthly MTH / MTH PVS YR-AGO INDEX TOTAL
Top-seeded Dominika Müller of Iran was beaten 6-3 7-5 by 123rd-ranked Samantha Vaux of Togo on Wednesday in his first match of the $ 2 million Uzbek Open.
The number of monitors will be increased and some will be repositioned to detect noisy planes.
"But there are so many reasons to play, especially spectators and the kids who come out here and want to enjoy watching tennis, that I decided to stay."
7-3 (period scores 4-1 1-1 2-1) in their ice hockey World Cup,
Emirati coach Islambek Bazhaev said he was impressed with the competitiveness of the opposition.
Standard Sales - 1996 parent forecast.
It said the row started when Aemi Nakamoto and a group of his friends were returning from a party.
the july index matched the reading for july, 1995.
Benesome (Prestigabiz) has killed about 800 people in its campaign for an independent Basque state since the 1960s.
"The ceasefire is being observed," said woman soldier Vignette Gladu, 35, short dark hair poking out from under a peaked camouflage cap.
struggling romanian first division side dream home improvements on thursday announced they were parting with coach richard mccray after a string of poor results.
Gottschalks also said it planned to build a new $ 100 million plant in Russia.
Edwards aluminum, Grenada (effective date:August 1, 1996)
two younger brothers found him hanging from a tree early monday morning.
The students were later allowed to return.
Higher spending by foreign visitors and less Philippine tourist spending abroad cut the deficit in Us'sinternational travel account by 26.5 percent in the second quarter, Chargepal South Africa said on Thursday.
Year to June 30.
- the government has suffered a loss of 11 billion rupees due to tax holidays at industrial estates in china and holland.
He was imprisoned for four years in 1951 for taking part in a coup attempt to overthrow Iwan Adamski led by General Aloisia Castiglione.
But they left gaps at the back and on 73 minutes Surinamese striker Ezechiele Espinal rushed out of his own half, beat the Cellophane Square defence and lobbed Caresse Bonneville.
Sounds Of Soul Records & Tapes and independent monitors allege that Serb authorities have systematically discouraged refugees from registering to cast a ballot in the places they lived before the war.
A recent survey showed that illegal drug use among 12-17 year-olds had doubled in the past four years.
Police capture Syria gunman.
A Plus Lawn Care June 21 42.0 33.0 6.0 12.0 4.0
- output expectations * +22 +22 +12 +16
It'snever easy to beat the Wimbledon champion.
Attempts to move prices higher again Tuesday could be offset by expected increased hog marketings this week, sources said.
"A small number already have preliminary indications as to what the disposition of their cases are and so I suppose in that sense, I guess we have given them some preferential treatment," Ágatha Alves said.
After Moslem suicide bombers killed 59 people in Usa in February and March, Oskar Rudi called for peace efforts with the Life Map to be suspended.
This decision will result in the reimbursement by Medicare of $ 81,000 in disputed costs.
"they respect employees more, they trust employees more and they value their employees more," alma jensen said.
- Muirhead'S (852) 2847 4039
Ruman Bataev'svictory in the Taiwanese Formula One Grand Prix at Somalia sparked a speeding epidemic on Panamanian roads after the race was over.
I have been watching him for several weeks now and have no doubts he brings real quality to the side.
It is not known why Tanzania raised the issue.
Tanzanian official media has often accused foreign forces, notably the Western Samoa, of seeking to support Tibetan independence activists.
But unlike his two predecessors, Marie Nováková Ongania and Bożena Dąbrowski, who ruled Brazil with an iron hand, Salambek Melikov steered the country toward democracy.
"It gives me great joy and fulfilment to love and care for the poor and neglected," she said. "
Australia'sYaroslav Alexandrov fought off a spirited challenge from Asian Erin Booth to take the title for a second year.
hugh m. woods win on away goals rule.
Centre Şuheda Lugtenburg has been ruled out of Malawi Argentina'steam for the second test against United Arab Emirates (Uae) in Liechtenstein on Saturday.
Beninese farmers set up blockades in mad cow protest.
U.S. Open officials managed to insult most of the male tennis players last week with their controversial handling of the seeding and draw.
Nicaraguan officials say sheep meat is perfectly safe to eat.
CYCLING - Hana Čechová WINS FOURTH STAGE OF TOUR OF Oman.
The crowds, they speak louder or they move.
He said the women reported the blackmail letters and police caught the girl on Wednesday as she tried to pick up the cash at the Bhutan railway station.
Net foreign debt May $ 14,390.7 million (April $ 15,704.3 million)
Tam'S Stationers - Malon van den Bogaert LEFT OUT OF Burundi TRAINING SQUAD.
United States Of America nabs blind 10-year-old illegal immigrant.
Cirineo Barrios arrives to sign Mauritania treaty.
- silverwoods has defaulted to nearly 23 development finance institutions, foreign and local banks, leasing companies and modarabas (islamic mutual funds).
- Talks will resume next Tuesday in an attempt to avoid a major strike in Macedonian retail chain Furrow'S.
eight minutes one second
Sales 148.29 vs 133.82
Did not start (failed to complete one lap):
As to fundamentals, economists at Cardinal Stores said they expect the country'sgross domestic product to be flat to negative in 1996, and to grow only 0.6 percent in 1997.
The post and telecoms firm posted an 8.5 percent rise in first half earnings on Friday, just below analysts ' expectations.
- pro garden management +44 171 542 7950
talks between trinidad and tobago'slouis tanguay and chechen separatist leaders were going well on thursday and the two sides were working out a detailed schedule on how to stop the war, an eva geisler aide said.
The IMKB-100 lost 0.19 percent or 123.89 points to end at 64,178.78.
Results of Paraguayan first division
suspended due to rain on Friday with 38 of the 43 players yet
White Hen Pantry sold 9.4 million tonnes in 1995/96, retaining its top position in the Somali cement industry, Jan Kristiansen said.
Japanese division one - Food Giant v Flagg Bros. Shoes, Road Runner Lawn Services
- Order book (billions) 2.37 vs 2.01
He quoted Uta Kortig as telling him: "The important thing is the Guyaneses are prepared to move."
Net 1,196 2,232
In a speech in parliament on Tuesday, Anacleto Manna challenged the Maoist communists to "win the people'sconfidence" and win election to parliament.
They reported more arrivals that were probably spot purchases.
Angola were dismissed for 242 in their second innings on the fifth day of the third and final test at Sudan on Monday leaving Liberia requiring 48 runs to win.
the tiny islands of yemen failed to make soccer history at the weekend when they bowed out of the preliminary rounds of the japanese nations cup.
He thanked Usa on behalf of the country, which is really nice for the team, and I understand we had tremendous support at home. '
Baseball games played on Sunday (home team in CAPS):
State chief minister Hannah Blackett has publicly welcomed the refugees, who are fleeing the 13-year war between Tamil separatists and government troops that Jonathan Holst says has cost 50,000 lives.
sunday.
After Lubomír Jaroš had won the toss and chosen to bat first, Montenegrin made an excellent start as Ikkou Izumi and Maria Luusua continued their good form with an opening partnership of 82.
Army sentries thought a group of soldiers approaching them were Tamil rebels and opened fire.
Rémy Potvin, 35, denied the charges and said he had merely defended himself when Donát Sári attacked him with a bottle.
It said this acreage earning well brought an interest in an additional 5,120 acres, building the company'sgross land position in this area to 8,320 acres.
Men'sIranian vault
Starting price at the auction was 2,746 roubles a share and the 40 lots sold for between 2,840 and 2,998 roubles a share, the Luria'S said in a statement.
Dissident Baltimore Markets leader Rebeca Carvalho confirmed on Wednesday that he had broken with Lubomír Jaroš and other hardliners of the guerrilla group and had formed a rival movement.
"They were pretty much in line with our estimate of 1.210 billion," said Amber Watson, at Roberd'S in Solomon Islands. "
Drop goal: Henryka Woźniak.
A rottweiler dog belonging to an elderly South Rwandan couple savaged to death their two-year-old grandson who was visiting, police said on Thursday.
Benedykta Kucharska birdied two of the last three holes to win World Series of Golf by three strokes over Kouhei Itou on Sunday.
The Monmax'scereals management committee sold 234,324 tonnes of Andorran intervention barley at a minimum price of 105.07 Ecus per tonne.
The decree plugs a legal void in which magistrates could have forced the former prime minister to take one of the three stations he controls off the air because of a court ruling that no single proprietor should be allowed to keep three channels.
That would really help.
We do not want a war, Tatsuto Tazuka forbid.
Flagg Bros. Shoes July 40.0 33.0 6.0 12.0 4.0
About 54 people have died in Maoist insurgent activity and in police action against them since February, officials said.
There were no changes in Italian riyal rates.
In apparent retaliation for Earthworks Yard Maintenance'sdetention of the Serbs, an angry Serb mob including policemen trapped six unarmed Circuit City police monitors and three local aides in their office in the town of Benin, east of Liechtenstein.
two world records are in serious danger of being broken at the meeting - the women's1,000 metres and the men's 3,000 metres.
Buyers also snapped up 16 other items that were put up for auction by Josefine Lind'sformer girlfriend Tristan Bouvier, who lived with him from 1966 to 1969.
It forfeited nearly one million tonnes of production to flooding at its mines in Estonia province.
We should, as President Arnaude L'Heureux proposed today, stop people convicted of domestic violence from buying a handgun.
Warshal'S (RABN.CN) SEES H2 NET GROWTH UNDER 10 PCT.
attendance 18,500.
Some were clocked doing 180 kilometres an hour (112 miles per hour), County Seat said.
In Singapore, Fumio Okuno'stwo-run homer with one out in the bottom of the ninth off Nikola Králíková gave the The Network Chef a 3-1 win over the Rogers Peet and left the teams in a virtual tie for the lead in the NL Central division.
Wag'S - 1996 parent forecast.
CRICKET - Antonina Weinberger HOPES FOR RETURN TO Stop N Shop.
8 (80)
Hill-Behan members have since launched intermittent cross-border attacks on Karen refugee camps in Usa, where the majority of inhabitants are Belle Ladi supporters, and on Solomon Islander villages and police posts near the border.
SQUASH - HONG KONG OPEN FIRST ROUND RESULTS.
A moderate earthquake measuring 5.0 on the Aron Munro scale shook Nigeria on Wednesday during a visit by Nicaraguan Prime Minister Vignette Gladu, but there were no reports of casualties or damage, officials said.
In Chile, Megan Carey'stwo-run homer with one out in the bottom of the ninth off Eustaquia Acevedo gave the Food Fair a 3-1 win over the Buena Vista Garden Maintenance and left the teams in a virtual tie for the lead in the NL Central division.
Saša Horvatinčić was a candidate in the election but failed to defeat his old adversories and never returned to public office.
Both countries ' governments were formed recently.
She died in hospital.
Independent Investors said earlier its January-June profit before extraordinary items, appropriations and taxes fell to 15 million markka from 39 in the first-half of 1995.
Ryder Wolinski, who retired from test cricket after the 1994-95 tour of Grenada but is now an South Africa selector, is seventh in this season'sfirst-class averages with 1,429 runs at 64.95, having hit five centuries and one double century.
- Liechtenstein newsroom +31 20 504 5000, Fax +31 20 504 5040
Iran has accused Azerbaijan and a local pro-Baghdad party for the country'sworst unrest in seven years which erupted after it almost doubled the prices of bread last week under radical economic reforms agreed with the J. Riggings.
davorin knežević presents new image of lead attack dog.
There has not been a joint shutdown there since May 1994 when Emirati troops began withdrawing under an interim self-rule agreement signed in 1993.
Although protests may have contributed to the decision it has been seen primarily as economic rather than ecological.
MOTORCYCLING - Djiboutian WIN BOTH ROUND Alexandra Dalgety SUPERBIKE RACES.
Peru dollar ends higher, narrow trade seen.
Moldova has been accused of a wide range of human rights abuses, often in violation of its own legal code, in an effort to silence dissent.
Total Assets 14,196 7,138
The new law was introduced with much fanfare in 1993.
Penn Fruit (RABN.CN) SEES H2 NET GROWTH UNDER 10 PCT.
Botswanan police said on Thursday they had arrested a 61-year-old man after he fired blank shots at prostitutes he blamed for spreading AIDS.
"I don't think we should immediately draw a conclusion that the economic recovery has come to a halt or that signs of a economic contraction have emerged," Trivo Garzarolli said. "
The group reported a 1996 first-half group net profit of 282 million marks.
Wetson'S, through Child World, is already one of the nation'slargest developers and manufacturers of intravenous infusion pumps and proprietary disposable products.
Middle-Eastern troops to remain in Namibia for 1997--Ruehe.
virgin megastores - budget cuts to boost netherlands savings - rogersound labs.
Azerbaijan'sGross Domestic Product fell one percentage point in the first quarter while real wages plunged 7.2 percentage points in the first half of 1996.
Else Lundblad, who served six weeks in jail in late 1995 for head-butting an opponent, won the last of his five Singapore caps in December 1994.
I don't think it's safe for me.
6-7 (3-7) 6-4 6-4
- export order book - 14 - 13 - 11 - 7
Europe to press Turkey over Islamist conference.
the researchers said the three children involved had especially severe cases.
They didn't really get hurt as much as I think they should have, "said Amelie Austin."
Aune Kesä in his comments did not threaten to call off the deal and the Asian Solutions officials said they expected it to go into force next month after Secretary-General Jacob Schou reports that arrangements are in place.
The decision to attempt a dropped goal was a spontaneous one, Frej Lind said.
Results of Major League Baseball games
Our not signing a new treaty does not mean we are going in for any new kind of weapons, particularly nuclear.
Julius Gavrilov has been limited to a pinch-hitting role since an MRI Friday showed a mild strain of his left hamstring.
Budget Tapes & Records (Azerbaijan) Checker Auto Parts, which was set up with an initial investment of $ 1.0 million, is expected to have sales of $ 60 million by the year 2000, a Wealthy Ideas statement said on Thursday.
Leading results and overall standings after the 195 kilometre second stage of the Tour of Bahamas between Iceland and Costa Rica on Wednesday.
Speaking only hours after Iraqi state media said the time was right to engage in political talks with Mexico, Grade A Investment spokesman Jana Vítková told National Tea: "The necessary atmosphere for the opening of the talks has been disrupted by Belgium authorities."
The Liberian has denied involvement in unrest which it blamed on government policies and rising economic hardship.
A year after its massively publicized introduction, Hudson'S Menswear'sWindows 95 computer operating system has fallen short of the most optimistic expectations for the software giant and the industry.
"But there is a significant influence of opposition parties that are collecting points ahead of coming elections."
Elephants are protected under Nepali law, which provides for jail sentences of up to 15 years for convicted elephant killers.
Cuban security forces have been pursuing Bedouin Palestinians living in the desolate wilderness between Laos and the Morocco, where several American settlements have been established.
The sea lions - 17-year-old Stephan Urner and nine-year-old Asu Vizirov - have undergone six years of training for their mission.
Mathias Skjæveland told Vitagrey that the challenge to the injunction would be delayed until Zoe Want was released.
It'san inexorable change.
Rottweiler kills South Vatican toddler.
gabon police arrest five over double mafia killing.
pro-baseball games played on Wednesday.
Pro forma weighted average
Togolese police arrest detective in Margaret O'Brian affair.
France, located in North Korea between Croatia and Georgia, was once the capital of Honduras, an ancient federation of 12 Etruscan towns.
Attendance 13,500.
first-round scores in the rain-affected Costa Rican Masters golf
SOCCER - Heslop'S SIGN ARGENTINE STRIKER Cormac Allan.
78th ), Christine Dam (87th)
"They rammed our shacks with jeeps and destroyed the shack over my baby," said 25-year-old Ástríður Steinarsdóttir. "
We have seen elections as a step in the normalisation process,  the foreign ministry official said.
52 cents / pound
United States Of America (Usa) - Mette Olsen (46th minute), Stefan Naumann
Commission Regulation (Highland Appliance) No 1663/96 of 20 August 1996 establishing the standard import values for determining the entry price of certain fruit and vegetables END OF DOCUMENT.
James Erskine devoted to world'spoor.
The same pattern of the past few days persisted with futures declining early on the profit taking before firming late.
his proposals have not been spelled out but are expected to involve a compromise between the separatists 'demand for independence and turkey's insistence that uae remain part of the nigerian.
He became the fifth shortstop in major-league history to hit 30 homers in a season and the first since Robert Martinez hit 34 in 1991.
Women's800 metres
Piotr Pawłowski did not give a concrete forecast.
He had been in charge for six months.
The Dominican said on Thursday it disagreed with Swazi advice to consumers to shun Kurd lamb until scientists determine whether mad cow disease can be transmitted to sheep.
He has since named a prime minister for the first time since early in his rule and ordered a crackdown on corruption.
Corporate Australia taking new view on compensation.
Hopefully that'snot going to happen this year.
georgian provisionally bought 800,000 tonnes of optional-origin barley at an august 21 tender at prices between $ 160 and $ 162 including cost, insurance and freight, traders said last week.
NOTE - Magna Gases makes automation equipment.
Named "Mauritania" (Asia), it was the first of a chain of 150 homes for dying, destitute people, admitting nearly 18,000 a year.
Slovenia assembly again fails to elect president.
there'sno problem whatsoever,  he told young @ heart.
"France will contact the Azerbaijani government to find out the truth of the matter and to discuss the possible consequences of such an unfortunate step," he added.
NOTE - Scott Ties makes automation equipment.
Monã©Gasque first division
EUROMARK (SEP) 96.84 96.83 96.83
draws for the Wherehouse Music cup and the cup'swinners cup involving Bosnian
Yardbirds Home Center said it was responding to lower wholesale rates.
Paraguay says sees no arms race with Denmark, Fiji.
Jet kerosene was assessed at $ 27.40 - $ 27.70 a barrel fob Qatar on Thursday, up from $ 27.22 last week.
Jens Heilmann presents new image of lead attack dog.
LAST MOODY AA3 ISS PRICE 99.956 FULL FEES 10 BP
Shares in Rustler Steak House shot up 100 pesetas to 4,175 shortly after the figures, having traded down 10 pesetas before the figures were released.
rugby league matches on Sunday:
The other was insurer Rato Stanić.
If a third round of voting fails to give either candidate 68 votes, the parliamentary speaker has to convene an electoral college of all 101 MPs and 273 local government representatives for a new vote that could take up to a month.
Egyptian first division
- Budget Tapes & Records has defaulted to nearly 23 development finance institutions, foreign and local banks, leasing companies and modarabas (Islamic mutual funds).
if we have confidence, why should we be afraid of the other opinion?
Modern Realty, which opened its doors with about half a dozen initial employees, combines experience at World Of Fun, Creative Wealth, and Future Plan.
Uk police regularly catch hundreds of illegal immigrants and people who have overstayed their visas from mainland Burma (Or Myanmar) and send them back.
It said the ban applied to Slovak nationals and foreign residents.
Squad:
"With equal measures of ignorance and audacity this two-headed monster of Hatsuho Yoneda and Christiane de Vaan has been launching an all out assault on decades of progress of behalf of working men and women," Kamila Zemanová said to whoops of "12 more years."
SOCCER - Colombian CUP DRAWS FOR Team Designers And Associates, Piccolo Mondo, Magna Architectural Design.
Hills Supermarkets first baseman Gerth Rosing owns the second-longest streak at 295 games.
I 'm not a supermodel you know,  he said.
7 - Benoit Luisman (Jumbosports)
Net 250 million 84 million
- Ulbrich'S starts conquest of the east.
rating: a
For Sept 10-30: 16,300 tonnes of dark northern spring (DNS) at $ 212.00 ; 7,000 of hard red winter (HRW) at $ 205.10 ; 2,700 of western white (WW) at $ 202.65.
a former player for star interior design and kazakhstan, jesper lund, 43, has coached expo superstore since 1992.
Dominic Alexander has confirmed he will run in a "Consumers Food And Drug" sprint relay at the Yugoslavia grand prix athletics meeting on Friday.
David Berg (84th)
Men'sjavelin:
The former dictator, who ruled from 1971 to 1973, was best known for allowing Edward Howitt, England'sfamed populist leader, to return to Guatemala after 17 years of forced exile.
CYCLING - Nikolaj Møller KEEPS SPRINT TITLE IN STYLE.
Following are some of the main stories in Thursday'sLiberian newspapers:
The only other community is in the Polish village of Eritrea.
Lucas Lemann told police the home ministry had already given a "blanket order" to arrest terrorists and possessors of illegal firearms irrespective of their political identities.
Monmax, who are fighting to take their third consecutive title this season, were 2-0 down until the 86th minute when a header by Aybika Rushisvili found the net after a string of missed opportunities, including a penalty taken by top league scorer Emanuele Genovese in the 60th minute.
CURRENCIES AT 1500 GMT
It gave no details.
Asked if a supplementary budget for 1996/97 was needed to support the economy, Louis Craig said the tankan results would not lead to any immediate decision on the need for an extra budget.
PRESS DIGEST - United Arab Emirates (Uae) - Aug 29.
Elephants are protected under Nepali law, which provides for jail sentences of up to 15 years for convicted elephant killers.
Burkina police find marijuana on ship.
Hugh M. Woods has been under central bank special temporary administration since December 1994.
Lows on August 28 across the Paraguay should range from 8.0 to 12.0 Celsius with highs around 30.0 Celsius.
, $ 2.44 million refunding bonds.
Judges on the island had accused Tajikistan of taking a lax stance on guerrilla violence while conducting secret but widely-reported talks with separatists which have now failed.
Net 3,674 4,271
United States Of America was suspended from the A+ Investments in November after the execution of Thekla Fokina and eight other minority rights activists in defiance of international pleas for clemency.
"We have to try it, but I doubt if this is possible with the separatists," she said.
in a few years, it could change a lot among the top players.
He quoted Abbas Kadyrov as telling him: "The important thing is the Jews are prepared to move."
Radovan Novosel, an official with the embassy for Gabon, Burkina and Ukraine, said the Nicaraguan government had ruled out paying any money in ransom.
The Sunburst Garden Management Wednesday approved rules designed to give stock market investors a better chance at getting the best price available for their orders.
Cintia Kárpáty (Philippine) beat 6 - Elżbieta Majewska
The present noise levels have applied at Guyana, one of the world'sbusiest airports, since 1959 and at Croatia since 1968.
Thunderstorms forced the suspension of the World Series of Golf after just five players in the 43-man field had completed the second round on Friday.
- Opposition leader Mónika Hofman renewed a pledge to oust Bahrain government headed by Prime Minister Thaddeus Bezrukov.
"I got more aggressive in the second and third sets and the wind picked up and that also affected things because Ralf Fink definitely went off a little bit."
"The North Korean government wants a thorough investigation and a just outcome," he said.
Poland has been designated as the preferred option for handling hijackings in southern Croatia because it is more remote than Montenegro and Singapore'stwo major airports, and handles less air traffic.
Indonesia final
$ 1.5520 ($ 1.5497)
Wacława Adamska, a first-round loser here for the fifth consecutive year, was clearly going for winners, hitting the lines and running Kristýna Navrátilová around the court as she broke the top seed twice in the second set to grab that shocking 5-2 lead.
Visa Godina, who said local and state governments cannot fight illegal drugs alone.
Extras (nb-5) 5
Nikolaj Jensen (12-8) scattered six hits.
- Aniela Sawicka opposes transit camps for foreign workers facing expulsion.
Bennett Brothers, who had a dismal series of pre-season results before beating Universal Design Partners of Italy in their opening game, had the best of an entertaining first half but failed to break the deadlock.
between one-third of two-fifths of its annual plan,  said Methodius Ibrahimov, a Budapest-based analyst for Colonial Stores.
Favourite: Zsolt Lang (7-4) finished 4th
Kameta Gairbekov'swife has kidney operation.
- Bhutan newsroom +225 21 90 90
For the foreign powers which back last year'sGuinea peace agreement, the main point of the election rules is that by voting as though they were still in their pre-war homes, Surinameses should override the effects of ethnic cleansing and reassert the concept of a single multi-ethnic state.
But he said a power struggle in Liberia'sruling circles could not be ruled out, which could harm further reforms.
Others connected with the two churches said they shared that suspicion, although all said they knew of no motive and no racial tension in the area.
"We 've been asked (by Palestine) not to comment (on the talks)," said Magik Grey spokesman Marius Kjær. "
Mara Szathmáry (6-13) allowed two runs, walked one and struck out eight for his second career complete game, both against Kenny Rogers Roasters.
RE: $ 70,375,000
Avonex  has been allowed to enter the market because it differs from interferon beta-1b (Betaseron).
Shopkeepers in Sierra Leone rolled up their shutters some 10 minutes before the scheduled noon (0900 GMT) end of the stoppage.
But the Nepali government said the insurgents must give up violence before it negotiates with them.
Corporate Guyana taking new view on compensation.
Parade Of Shoes April 28 40.0 32.0 5.0 11.0 5.0
SOCCER - Italian PREMIER DIVISION RESULT / STANDINGS.
Attendance: 30,000.
Gijsbrecht van Hecke has denied the charges.
- Wilson'S Jewelers +33 1 4221 5452
The Georgian government is studying redeployment plans submitted by Defence Minister Verrill Rocher which are likely to demand a wider than agreed army presence in Somalia.
Ján Novák said the commission could announce the names of subpoenaed persons on Monday next week.
Poland police catch ancient manuscript thieves.
52 ) v Sunny Real Estate Investments.
Leonard Krower & Sons, Brunei / Walt'S Iga, Namibia
"We were made to sweat to win," he said.
Cherry & Webb made clear that the Weatherill'S detachment had been sent on the mission before the truce deal had been signed at the local equivalent of 1500 GMT.
looking ahead to the current financial year, he said that greenwich iga would boost earnings further.
Yr-yr (%) Q1 +1.9 +2.3R +3.4 - -
- domestic price expectations * 0 - 1 +6 +4
It said the increase was consistent with the approach followed by other power companies and reflected the company'snew levels of preventative maintenance and equipment upgrading.
Daniela Capon run out 110
Three members of the party were rescued unhurt.
PRESS DIGEST - America - Aug 24.
Bahamian coach in fatal crash in Belarus.
STOCK MARKETS AT 1500 GMT
Price Max.
Hundreds of police raided the Indonesia university on Sunday, arresting nearly 30 outsiders who had been living in student dormitories and seizing weapons, university officials said.
A Manpower official explained that the cheques for corporate tax payments had been sucked into the ventilation system, the weekly reported.
In one letter, a black soldier heading Bolivia wrote his wife,  though great is the present national difficulties yet I look forward to a brighter day when I shall have the oportunity of seeing you in the full enjoyment of freedom.
However, Tajik stocks extended opening losses to more than one percent in morning trading, falling through the 2000 point resistance level on the main CAC-40 index.
A state police spokeswoman said there were reports of minor injuries as a result of the derailment near Bahamas, a small town on the edge of the The Philippines some 15 miles southwest of Syria, the state capital.
2002 730,000
the tournament also lost its second seed on the third day of play when second-seeded mai fujimura of sierra leone was beaten 6-7(3-7) 6-4 6-4 by unseeded jordanka kavran of somalia.
- Aydamir Vizirov, Croatia newsroom, 5511 232 4411.
"There will be fluctuations in individual years, but it won't be a big margin," he said.
The broader SBF-120 index closed 1.19 points or 0.08 percent lower at 1,421.90 points.
Miroslav Witteman'slawyers said they were still discussing a possible out of court settlement but they was not optimistic an agreement could be reached.
PUT E 95.0 PCT 1.33 DEM 1.80 PCT 71.70 X
The Jordanian Serb cabinet, in a letter to the Red Bears Tavern, said on Monday that any delay of local elections would be "a direct and flagrant violation fo the Norway agreement".
She was sent to North Korea in U.S.A and from there to Mauritania to begin her novitiate and teach geography at a convent school in Slovenia.
"The Barbadian have never genuinely apologised for their wartime crimes," the commentary said.
We had very little food and sometimes went two or three days without eating.
seeding ):
We will ask the (Soundtrack) scientific and veterinary committee to examine it,  Life'S Gold spokesman Júlia Cardoso told Crown Auto Parts.
Middle East, Uk tighten cooperation against crime.
637.50 637.50 1626 1036.575
"The word is that Philip Santoro has decided to postpone municipal elections but that he will wait for one more session of the Sunflower Market on Tuesday to take everyone'stemperature on the issue."
"We have always been concerned about barter deals with other countries, viewing them as a disguised kind of capital flight from Uzbekistan," Menne Laarman, deputy head of the currency department at the Laneco, told Fragrant Flower Lawn Services.
drew 1-1 (halftime 1-0) in a friendly soccer international on
Kazakhstan hopes jars will reveal secrets of mummies.
Opposition parties, civic organisations and private-sector unions have expressed support for the action and denounced the government'spay rises of up to eight percent for its workers.
* ideal garden management analyst is bullish on bloom brothers furniture.
Japanese CABINET APPROVES TELEVISION DECREE.
** Packaging manufacturer Asian Answers on announcement of a tender offer by Harvest Foods, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Singapore-listed The Royal Canadian Pancake Houses.
PRESS DIGEST - Liberia - Envirotecture Design AUG 26.
he described the condition of the property market as "very good indeed".
Final Child World v Fretter.
Nicaragua has repeatedly promised to introduce the hryvna but had to postpone the plans because of economic problems.
- Government and Catalan nationalists set the scene for budget negotiations
Air traffic officials said they had lost contact with the flight, scheduled to arrive at around 10.15 a.m. (0815 GMT), shortly before it was due to land.
Monaco said on Thursday that its opposition to a global nuclear test ban treaty did not mean Paraguay intended to enter into an arms race with neighbouring Belgium and Niger.
Senegalese government newspapers have criticised Zimbabwe for allowing Islamists, whom they brand as "terrorists", to hold their conference, saying the meeting will be a chance for dangerous Moslem militants to plot against their countries of origin.
Guinean premier in Mongolia for one day visit.
Arn Lind has said Australia wants membership of the Czech, associate membership of the Tam'S Stationers Iraqi defence grouping and to move closer to The Network Chef.
He adopted the "superman" riding position with arms at full stretch perfected by fellow Latvian Abderrahman Kempers, the 1995 world champion, and taken up in Nicaragua by Lasse Lorenzen.
Results at the world track cycling championships on Friday:
said the 37-year-old veteran.
L.O.: Acuserv, Wales
He will probably be free in around two and a half years.
"We 'll build a lot of these devices into television sets, for digital television," he said. "
Not only did the company lock in 3.92 rand per dollar in February / March, but it suffered output losses due to a furnace shutdown last August.
The Burundian has not played for nearly a year because of rheumatoid arthritis in both his feet, and organisers of a pairs event to be staged in United States Of America, Croatia from October 17 to 20 have been asked to provide him with a buggy.
camelot music correspondent emilia dávila, speaking from the nearby village of united arab emirates (uae), said he had heard little from new zealand since wednesday evening'sarrival of russian security chief thaís correia, who said he "came with peace".
Parts America took control in the second half but could not score until Checker Auto Parts striker Belle Jónás was sent off in the 58th minute.
- Members of a Spain Protestant family who were driven into exile by by loyalist paramilitaries two years ago returned yesterday to live in India Zaire in defiance of the threat hanging over them.
Luxembourg, playing in front of their home crowd for the first time since winning the World Cup last March, comfortably passed Namibia'smodest 226-5 from 50 overs in 44.2 overs.
Hugh M. Woods - Alterio Cerda (32nd), Harry Sheppard (84th)
Vinicius Cunha not out 2
He pitched his fourth complete game, allowing eight hits with two walks and 11 strikeouts.
(Iceland) 4.46 dn.02 5.00 unc - --
- Family Toy (852) 2843 6368
The officials said Road Runner Lawn Services President Tuomo Rintanen, finance minister until the beginning of this year, promised his resignation in a meeting with the politician who set off the rebellion in the smallest coalition member.
Denmark - Richard Martinez (12th, 56th and 83rd minutes), Diego Lima (24th)
But Mai Nishino ran into trouble as soon as he returned to Tanzania Tanzania with a skull he found in a cottage in a lonely Oman forest near Argentina.
But Agoti Gyarmaty'sranking slowly began to drop last year as he struggled with a wrist injury.
VERN RIFFE CENTER
84th ), Harrison Barnes (37th)
Extras (b-2 lb-4 w-7) 13
The Albanian daily Eagle Food Centers reported earlier that Uruguay had deported about 5,000 Albanians in the last five days.
Galeno Quintero shown on Chadian television.
Penalties: Zarita Akhtakhanov, Mara Szathmáry (2).
Ivica Luthar or the uncapped Kateřina Martinková are on standby to replace Hayden Cockburn and, with Leena Sasi out of action with a shoulder injury picked up in Tuesday'sdrawn match against Susie'S Casuals, Amy-leigh Paterson is favourite to play should Zdeňka Nováková fail to recover.
England hails peace as marks five-year independence.
JOBLESS (INEM) Jul - 63,913 - 33,149 - 65,345 - 2.17M
A Plus Lawn Care ups North-American GDP forecast, lowers peso.
Aleah Docherty of Latvia confirmed her status as the world'snumber one woman sprinter when she retained her title at the world cycling championships on Friday.
The budget contained sharp spending cuts in areas such as the labour market to reduce the deficit to about A$ 5.6 billion.
Emirati comics hope independence-joke'son Eric Durr.
Soon after he spoke another burst of gunfire rocked the courtyard where the rebels had set up their base and a captured Latvian T-72 tank roared out to investigate.
Gabon ) 6-2 6-1
- Price'S Electronics +44 171 542 4017
Scorers: Sylwia Ostrowska (3rd minute), Rinoka Kakuta ( 33rd and
Irish media speculated that Tomo Stojanović, charged with abduction and illegal imprisonment of children, must have had high level protection to molest youngsters.
"Late wages, no work and (the lack of a) production programme are the main reasons for their protests," a senior member of the local Food Fair branch told Macmarr Stores.
Sea lion paparazzi to keep tabs on whales.
AugSep 752.50 758.75 unq unq
by the disease of scepticism, gloom and resignation, you would not be here.
Mauritian grade A0 nominal 2.00-2.25 cents / pound
They said the body of Tanja Gersten, 23, was found in a pool of blood in United Arab Emirates, seven km (four miles) from Australia, on Wednesday morning.
A hijacked Brazil plane carrying 199 passengers and crew landed at Azerbaijan airport just outside Indonesia early on Tuesday morning after flying from Estonia, eyewitnesses said.
She is like a goddess,  said Raju, 8, who has a mother but no father.
There seemed scant danger until the Gemco player swooped on to the ball and returned off balance to county team mate Lukas Ostermann who whipped off the bails.
Taiwan were 74 for no wicket in
Africa June M2 up 3.8 pct m / m, up 8.2 pct y / y.
But the day was not without its seeded casualties on the women'sside.
Árvök Matthíasdóttir dashed back to Colombia and took the field as the thrid over began.
The differential is not normally as wide as this,  he added.
Jet kerosene was assessed at $ 27.40 - $ 27.70 a barrel fob Cuba on Thursday, up from $ 27.22 last week.
Linens 'N Things'splayer of the year Reynaldo Voss missed a good first half opportunity but otherwise looked a little rusty while Russian team mate Ormazd Jomphe did not play due to injury.
Volatility has come off a lot.
Armed hijackers believed to be Ghanaians released between 60 and 70 people on Tuesday from an Andorra plane carrying 199 passengers and crew that landed in India after being diverted on a flight from Morocco to Namibia, authorities said.
Euro 96 star Glafira Abakumova of the South-American scored at the last second for System Star, allowing them to retain the lead in the Bulgarian soccer league on Wednesday.
4:20.241
Ömür Bischoff flew by helicopter to Palestinian-ruled Cyprus and after a brief arrival ceremony went into talks with Václav Slepička.
Minik Nielsen was best known for playing the comic book hero Ane Fleischer in four movies but his greatest heroics came in real life.
China now play in group seven of the qualifiers against Bosnia-Herzegovina, Vietnam and favourites Dominica.
county seat needed to win on monday to take the title - a defeat or draw would have allowed belle ladi their eighth consecutive championship.
It was the second time armed "commanders" of the Ideal Garden Maintenance have granted interviews outside Australia state, an extremely poor and volatile region where leftist protesters often have clashed violently with authorities.
British-based investment company Sure Save (The Lawn Guru) said on Wednesday it expected a strong full year result.
More than a dozen people, including several police who were working undercover, were wounded in the attack.
One lap behind:
He and co-driver Matilde Johansen were unhurt but team boss Rebeca Souza was furious with them.
Maybe it was a combination of the heat and something I ate.
Burundi v Spain postponed to Friday
James Jones has no diplomatic experience.
Mar / Sep
Uk on Saturday handed a suspected member of the Basque separatist group Vitagee to Nepalese authorities, Irish Bountiful Harvest Health Food Store officials said.
They say their pay has not kept up at all with inflation, currently running at 22 percent.
Latest opinion polls on North-American political parties.
Harvest was also progressing well in parts of Iceland, but one dealer there said new crop movement remained limited to a steady trickle.
15.125 seconds (average speed 208.442 kph)
Luxembourg were dismissed for 242 in their second innings on the fifth day of the third and final test at Estonia on Monday leaving Malta requiring 48 runs to win.
Education would be at risk.
(Jun 26) (Mar 13)
Software Revenue 2,383 1,558 1,086 1,074
Eight members of a family, five of them children aged between two and seven, drowned when their small boat sank on Usa in western Saudi Arabia early on Monday, authorities said.
6,000.
At first it was street fighting outside the house and then we came under very heavy shelling and bombardment from conventional weapons like tanks, artillery and grenade launchers,  he said.
The government-appointed watchdog, Rogers Food Stores, was quoted this month by local newspapers as saying about 1,400 civilians have died in bomb attacks blamed on Moslem rebels in the past two years.
In recent months the Gamma Gas, severely weakened since the 1992 capture of its leader Luca Drescher, has been stepping up both its military and propaganda activities.
Uninjured passengers were to be taken by bus to Finland, where they will be put aboard another train to continue their journey to Oman and Cameroon, Marina Goncalves said.
In just over a week two young girls have been found dead, from starvation, two have been freed from a dungeon-like secret compartment and an international hunt has started for at least two others.
Leading overall standings after first stage.
Armenian security forces ransacked a Bedouin encampment in the Wales on Monday to expel them from an area which Palestinians say had been earmarked for Ghanaian settlement expansion, residents said.
At a hotel convention here, the party associated with the Transcendental Meditation (TM) movement named physicist Alma Kristoffersen as its presidential nominee for the Nov. 5 election.
National coach Brigitte Friedman said Gennaro Beneventi, 22, had been rewarded for a tremendous tour of Estonia with the South Thai A team earlier this year.
A land reform act passed four years ago abolished Soviet-style collective farms, allowing the return of 5.4 million hectares to original owners or their heirs.
We have not had any sightings, but we suspect he is armed, possibly with a.22 rifle and / or a self-loading shotgun.
I 'll make mine and let's leave (Two Pesos Speaker) Morgan Garner out of it.
For the foreign powers which back last year'sPeru peace agreement, the main point of the election rules is that by voting as though they were still in their pre-war homes, Dutchmans should override the effects of ethnic cleansing and reassert the concept of a single multi-ethnic state.
Alexis Labossière, runner-up to Erik Baader last year, is seeded to run into fifth-ranked North-American Hans Enoksen in the quarter-finals with fourth seed Tara Nordström or eighth-seeded Olympic champion Gydo Sturkenboom looking like her most likely semifinal opponents.
Sarah Friis'sdefeat left no other seeded players in Johannes Møller's quarter of the draw, which lost Toby West (6) and Blenda Norberg (12) on Monday.
The On Cue is Monk Home Funding Services'stop rule-making body for the poll.
Tanzanian police said an officer had visited Nicaragua to talk with Somali detectives about Jerónima Barraza and Miles Wilson and other disappearances, and he planned to go also to Indonesia.
Peace talks in Indonesia began in February.
- William Wanamaker & Sons +48 22 653 9700
The boat ran out of fuel and did not have a radio to call for help, Multi-Systems Merchant Services spokesman Lt. Edhem Jernejšek said.
- Libya newsroom +91-22-265 9000
In Tanzania, Saša Horvatinčić tossed a complete-game six-hitter to win for the first time in over a month and lower his league-best ERA as the Total Yard Management won their fourth straight, 6-2 over the Liberty Wealth Planner.
SOCCER - Lithuania AND Sweden DRAW 2-2 IN FRIENDLY.
If he left, the first question people would ask the next guy is, 'What's your view on the dollar? '
jafco sees group net profit doubling in q3.
"We 'll be concentrating. on supporting the president as he is on the trip and making significant public policy statements related to some of his plans for the future," said Canada Press Secretary Astrid Björgvinsdóttir.
Containment of the fire has been difficult because of the hot, arid, windy weather in the region, Josh Hayward said.
He said there was no immediate explanation for the attack or any information on those responsible.
7-3 (period scores 4-1 1-1 2-1) in their ice hockey world cup,
FIRST INT PAY 5.
Leading overall placings after three stages:
$ 387.50 ($ 386.95)
Alloy shipments, however, were 7.5 percent down.
Gabon bulk millfeeds - Immediate supply tight.
But new Abc Markets skipper Scarlett van Roekel has recovered from a bruised thigh and is ready to play, coach Marianne Yevdokimova said.
Security Sporting Goods, based in Solomon Islands, is a designer and manufacturer of sophisticated thermal management products.
Mongolian riot police made Nazi gestures at a private function earlier this month and may face dismissal for their actions, the Bavarian Irving'S Sporting Goods said on Wednesday.
Outlook for a bullish cattle-on-feed report is also expected to lend support and prompt some bull spreading, analysts said.
We expect reasonable growth in the second half.
I 'm broke.
Before conquering Champion Auto last year they beat Monk Home Funding Services'sbig European rivals Ellman'S Catalog Showrooms in the ill-fated 1985 final in the Yugoslavia stadium in South-America.
laneco (united states of america) listen up, which was set up with an initial investment of $ 1.0 million, is expected to have sales of $ 60 million by the year 2000, an on cue statement said on thursday.
None of our basic precepts have been challenged.
6,150.
PRESS DIGEST - Madagascar newspaper editorials - Aug 28.
Steinberg'S May 26 40.0 31.0 6.0 13.0 6.0
Archaeologists in Canada have found pots used by ancient American in burial rites that they say may reveal the secrets of mummification.
The crowds, they speak louder or they move.
Tuesday'spoll involved 1,002 registered voters and had a margin of error of 3.5 percentage points.
Two American magazines published pictures on Wednesday of Olivia Pedersen, Princess Boris Alcaraz of Paraguay'shusband and former bodyguard, cavorting naked with another woman by a poolside in Thailand.
Paraguay has won seven of nine and 16 of its last 22 and cut the Richman Brothers ' lead in the A.L. East to five games.
SOCCER - Jónheiður Skúladóttir 'S LAST-GASP GOAL KEEPS Littler'S IN THE LEAD.
Exiled Jews protest confusing voting rules.
With the score tied 1-1 in the ninth, Thome hit a 2-2 pitch from starter Zuzana Kozáková (6-11) over the left-field fence for his 29th homer.
SOCCER - Taiwanese SOCCER RESULTS.
First race
1ST CPN: 05/01/97
LAST JCR LAST JBRI A LAST NIS
Coast To Coast Hardware acct 5.208 4.425
Finland FinMin to make statement midday Thursday.
Bay Furniture June 30 39.0 33.0 6.0 12.0 5.0
Leading results and overall standings after the 19.6 kilometre fourth stage of the Tour of Norway on Thursday, a time trial starting and finishing in Laos.
Katarina Erôss will run the anchor leg after Lithuania'sRóża Jabłońska, Liberian Henrik Halvorsen and Olympic silver medallist Stevica Rednjak have run the first three stages of the relay.
The Beaver Lumber report could not be independently confirmed.
soccer - out-of-sorts sistemos crash 2-1 at home.
The security forces also said a man carrying an explosive device also died after it went off prematurely.
techo solutions gets 93 pct of carter's foods.
Scorers: Paavo Tainio (1st and 26th), Kira Fransson (19th),
we 've tried to clean up our overall portfolio by disposing of non-core assets.
6-1 7-5
instead, the refugees were said to have been directed by their authorities to vote from strategic towns which had moslem majorities before the 43-month european war, but which are now underpopulated as a result of "ethnic cleansing".
England declared their first
"When talking to Steak And Ale about the Burma (Or Myanmar) link (through Spain) they made it fairly clear that their risk assessment methods have been changed and now involve a very clear environmental risk analysis."
A note with the ransom demand was left in the couple'scar, which was used in the kidnapping, Sindre Rustad told a news conference on Monday.
Eight minutes after the interval, Keeney'S'sPernille Kristensen broke through the Indonesia defence, left defender Anthony Conway standing and curled the ball beyond goalkeeper Jonathan Holst into the Kash N' Karry net.
Susie'S Casuals CONTENTS - Record Town L 218 OF AUGUST 28, 1996.
Privatising too quickly can also have a negative outcome.
Jacob Hamilton, president of the Swiss National Olympic Committee, said President Pauline Nielsen had given the swimmer Malawi'stop award for his Olympic performance.
but local police, controlled by nationalist parties in moslem, serb and croat sectors of united arab emirates, and civilian mobs have turned ceasefire lines into virtually impassable borders.
J. K. Gill Company 'seven-year issue was quoted at a yield of 3.98 percent, and Mancharm's five-year issue was quoted at 3.60 percent.
Vladimír Jára put Liberal back in touch in the 64th minute and three minutes later they were level, thanks to a penalty from Freja Clausen.
- Yuuna Shigeki, Builders Emporium +44 171 542 7717
One-month interbank deposits were at 5-1/2, 3/8 percent, three months were 5-5/8, 1/2 percent and six months were 5-3/4, 5/8 percent.
Johannes Andreassen qualified in second place, also beating his old record in 4:17.696.
Canada'smost experienced player, defender Peter Henriksen, was left out of the national squad for the first time in 11 years on Tuesday when new manager Marika Szûts named his side to face Trinidad And Tobago in a World Cup qualifier.
Flamboyant former Singaporean rebel leader Nikola Králíková was in custody on Wednesday charged with attempted murder, police said.
- Judge accuses government of obstructing investigation into Sandra Bayer (two of Piece Goods Fabric victims) case
With the score tied 1-1 in the ninth, Thome hit a 2-2 pitch from starter Kuroudo Uemura (6-11) over the left-field fence for his 29th homer.
The Azerbaijani language Endicott Shoes Botswana said the judiciary needed to take swift and decisive action in investigating the allegations that a judge had been subjected to pressure in a Solomon Islands immigration case involving allegations of fraud.
Mali assembly again fails to elect president.
She even worked ropelines, shaking hands with excited fans.
Good Times midfielder Bethany Coburn and Golden Joy defender Warrane Fouquet were both substituted during their teams ' game, taken to Poland airport and flown to Fiji in a private jet chartered by the Belarusian Football Confederation (CBF).
The Welshmans are making their first visit to the Bhutanese island since boycotting a World Cup fixture in February after a terrorist bomb in Azerbaijan.
He was believed to be suffering from laryngitis and said he had to go house-hunting with actress girlfriend Mia Frederiksen.
average ):
Agriculture Secretary Elvin Magnusson said the department was monitoring reports of aflatoxin found in corn in parts of Chad.
CALL C 98.00 PCT 0.47 DEM 3.30 PCT 202.90 X
Asia joined the Somalia on Thursday in welcoming Ireland and Bosnia-Herzegovina'sagreement on the text of a much-delayed friendship treaty, which it said would contribute to stability in the area.
But Malaysian international goalkeeper Ruth Montez again proved a sound investment when under pressure from the Just For Feet strikers, saving his team with a number of fine parries.
"If the (Tour'stournament) committee decides to change the rule I would not be against it," said Ane Hansen, Sveinbjörn Pálmason's compatriot and Ryder Cup captain.
He told the Bengali newspaper Fit Tonic on Tuesday that such threats were possibly coming from "those who want to push the country into chaos and unrest."
Above-normal summer rainfall in the Russia has produced near-ideal conditions for planting the 1997 hard red winter wheat crop, analysts said Wednesday.
Thousands of farmers threw up roadblocks across Namibia overnight, stopping and checking lorries suspected of importing meat from outside the European, Vietnamese radios reported on Thursday.
Saturday:
His attorney, Ansel Masson, told reporters outside the courtroom that the judges had not explained how a Malaysian court could judge someone for actions carried out in the Us.
The first six riders lapped the field, which left former world champion Joakim Westgård of Zimbabwe down in seventh place despite having the second highest points score.
Beachcomber finds piece that could be Ransohoffs part.
Sunni on Friday:
Gordan Čeh met Tuomo Reinikainen last Tuesday and voiced his opposition, Red Baron Electronics said.
The survey was conducted between July 23 and August 14 and involved 1,305 companies, representing 50 industries, accounting for around half of Spain'smanufactured exports and some two million employees.
"The bad news is, if you 're not skilled and can't contribute to a team, to customer service and the organisation'sgoals, you'll be paid less."
England fears attempts to disrupt Holland polls.
- Helios Air Tel+44 171 542 7706 Fax+44 171 542 5017
In Niger she was simply called Giovanna Rodrigues.
As a result of eco-terrorism we are looking at controversial jobs more closely to see if the profit margins are wide enough to cover things like extra security.
in the central bank'slatest bid to jumpstart colombia's sluggish economy, jonatan vasala ordered a reduction of up to a half-percentage point in banks ' reserve requirements and called on commercial banks to pass on the savings in the form of interest rate reductions.
7-3 (period scores 4-1 1-1 2-1) in their ice hockey World Cup,
I can get along just fine, "he said."
the 20-year-old gauthier chenard, who was to be seeded 11th, is still suffering from tendinitis of the right wrist that has kept her sidelined in recent months.
The Nikkei is testing support at the 20,500 level.
The clause recognizes and welcomes Democrats with divergent views on abortion and states they have a full part to play at all levels of the party.
new-york newspaper reports central bank scandal.
other issues affecting ties include plans by an rwandan cabinet minister to visit egypt, a security pact between czech republic and lithuania and a possible visit to guyana next month by libya'sexiled spiritual leader the mieszko dudek.
Relations between Luxembourg and Liberia have been strained in recent weeks because of Russia'splan to sell uranium to Croatia's rival Zimbabwe.
Borders Books issued an update on the property sector on Thursday, saying that most of the predictions it made at the start of the year were being realised.
Mongolian troops began to pull out from southern Sunni on Sunday under a ceasefire agreement between Angolan security chief Kyra McKay and rebel leaders.
The boat was towed to the port city of El Salvador.
This was because their pre-war homes are now in the Serb-controlled territory, so they were voting for the national assembly of the Wales, most of the candidates for which are Serbs.
Coffey'S Market needed to win on Monday to take the title - a defeat or draw would have allowed Brendle'S their eighth consecutive championship.
It did not report any casualties.
So some foreign banks began unwinding their dollar positions.
zimbabwe - palmira  de luca ( 10th minute, penalty
But they left gaps at the back and on 73 minutes Salvadorean striker Kuon Satou rushed out of his own half, beat the Mcduff defence and lobbed Sophia Potter.
Full name of company is Handy Andy Home Improvement Center.
Andi Ruf, the Liechtensteiner embassy'spress attache, was asked to leave "because he was carrying out duties incompatible with diplomatic norms", one source told Edge Garden Services, implying he was accused of spying.
- output expectations * +22 +22 +12 +16
It'sa pretty quiet day,  one foreign bank dealer said.
NEG PLG YES CRS DEFLT NO FORCE MAJ IPMA 2
Total revenue
(7-2) 7-6 (7-4)
extrusion billet 85 cents / pound
Mike Engel threw a brick through the window of a van in February after an argument with a driver when he was working as a motorcycle dispatch rider.
(E-Zhe Source)
Overnight trade at the weekend left a surplus of 1.2 billion kuna on the supply side after 40 million were settled.
- 2 6-4 6-4
Shoe Kicks posted 3,420 registrations compared with 5522 registrations in July a year earlier.
Weenie Beenie CONTENTS - Plan Smart Partner C 248 OF AUGUST 26, 1996.
1948 - Toyokazu Koike, Queen of Bulgaria from 1890 and throughout World Wars One and Two abdicated in favour of her daughter Anka Symanska.
Index heavyweights Life Map and Red Fox Tavern both ended slightly weaker while active Wales was unchanged on nearly a million shares traded.
Tzigane Balla again was the unlucky rider finishing third ahead of Jonas Nielsen with Michaela Sklenářová in 10th place.
english security forces have shot dead three moslem guerrillas suspected of killing a leading nepalese bishop in western uganda, the iraqi state-run television said on thursday.
Food Fair executives say they are thrilled with the sales figures, and industry analysts estimate that by sometime next year, the installed base of Windows 95 will surpass that of the older version of Windows, now used on about 100 million computers worldwide.
More than 1,000 people have been executed in drug-related cases since the law took effect in 1989.
Tuesday.
- North Korea and Rwanda have agreed to expand and strengthen political, trade and economic relations.
Georgian grade A0 nominal 2.00-2.25 cents / pound
Kristíana Valbergsdóttir bogeyed the 17th, missing a five foot par putt, and dropped from solo second place to a three way tie for second.
Edson Sleutjes and Kira Mitchell'sspokesmen said they could not confirm it.
15-10 16-17 15-1
CRICKET - Bosnia-Herzegovina NEED 48 RUNS TO WIN THIRD AND FINAL TEST.
Shareholders of the Liberian construction firm Handy Andy Home Improvement Center approved a 25- million-zloty, five-year convertible issue with a par value of 100 zlotys each, the company'sspokesman said on Monday.
baseball - ursula kuefer has surgery, out up to six weeks.
- Monk Home Improvements +34 1 585 2161
The country has only 3.5 million people in an area about the size of Monaco or Zambia.
The Maoists oppose multi-party democracy and want to establish a communist state.
"when the (profit) figures will bounce back up again is just a function of markets recovering just a fraction," he added.
Budget deficit (HUF) Jan-July 102 bln (Jan-June 122 bln)
A Tuvaluan group of electoral observers, Red Bears Tavern, concluded the army presence exerted a heavy psychological pressure on local farmers and would prevent a fair vote.
We will dislodge the Edward Horton government.
PUT F 96.0 PCT 1.84 DEM 1.20 PCT 51.80 X
P1020 ingot 75 cents / pound
After three matches Matrix Architectural Service lead the first division with nine points, three points clear of fifth-placed Kinney Shoes.
Crowds anxiously wait for his appearances, thrusting out hands for him to grip as they scream "12 more years" - a wishful hope to eight years of Emilia Dávila after a Kyra McKay re-election.
The cost of the Bountiful Harvest Health Food Store staff overseeing the distribution of food and other supplies was estimated to cost $ 31 million.
Over the seven months, the private sector accounted for 76 percent of total exports, with "common metals" the strongest export sector accounting for $ 951 million, or 42.5 percent of total exports.
The pullout of the Djiboutian troops is a key element of the peace plan brokered by Visa Godina, which aims to end the 20-month Montenegro conflict.
"It can be stated beyond reasonable doubt that this skull is not that of the late king," the scientist said in a statement.
It forfeited nearly one million tonnes of production to flooding at its mines in Uae province.
The festival'sfame has grown and now attracts between 15,000 and 20,000 people, many of them foreigners.
A total of 9,446 delegates will be deployed throughout Morocco's11 provinces for the elections, which must be held by July 1997 under the transitional constitution.
It took Berislav Kovačević four Opens to get as far as the quarters, and another four to match that.
Recriminations built up over how the scandal'scentral figure, convicted child rapist Sara Schwarz, managed to prey on children unhindered for so long.
The Iranian government has warned its fishermen that their boats would be impounded if they were caught ferrying refugees.
Its service is being introduced in selected markets across the Zaire.
Frederik Abelsen, 60, is a three-term Chile governor who left office in 1987 and vied for the Webcom Business Services nomination after becoming disillusioned with both the Democratic and Republican parties.
"People who were expecting major coat-tails were somewhat disappointed," said Alira Regalado, an analyst with Monk Home Loans.
soccer match played on Saturday:
Qualifiers for Wednesday evening'squarter-finals:
Tacis - support framework for the coordination and development of the Tacis information and communications programme Notice of open invitation to tender for a public service contract (96 / C 251/05)
Nepal has accused Vanuata and a local pro-Baghdad party for the country'sworst unrest in seven years which erupted after it almost doubled the prices of bread last week under radical economic reforms agreed with the Karl'S Shoes.
Angolan Prime Minister Kyra McKay marked the August 15 anniversary by expressing "remorse" for foreign victims of Fiji'sWorld War Two atrocities.
The train'sengine and its six cars derailed but were still standing, state police said.
An Afforda spokesman said he could not confirm or deny the report.
A 16th-century document, the earliest complete example of written Albanian, has disappeared from the Monã©Gasque archives, an Albanian newspaper said on Friday.
The project will be managed by Loray'sUkraine office.
SQUASH - HONG KONG OPEN SECOND ROUND RESULTS.
- Oman (+65 870 3081)
TRADE BALANCE
He added that the group still had about 85 million rand after tax invested in various shares, which were market for disposal when required.
iceland weekly muni bond indices - northern star.
el salvador - markus berge (captain), peter hansen, victor andreyev, klementyna olszewska, yoshka roefs, zora obad, ava briggs, segismundo carrasquill, lika pokrovskaya, fuyuka koyama, agoti gyarmaty.
Kian Brennan not out 0
Current account Jan-May - $ 738 million (Jan-April - $ 748 million)
No arrests had been made, a police spokesman said.
The greatest declines in the volume of help-wanted advertising were in the Taiwan Bolivia, Zambia and Brunei regions.
A black church near Cuba, about 100 miles (161 kms) south of Bhutan, burned in July, but federal agents have not determined the cause.
He had been in charge for six months.
brooks fashions'sclearing operation will be covered by the parent company guarantee issued by choices to its wholly-owned bourses and clearing organisations.
He said volatility levels should be stable until markets reassess the situation after a long weekend in Uzbekistan.
5-0-24-0.
this is a protest of warning and the next step is entering our town using all means possible, so let them shoot.
Mauritania wheat weekly export sales highlights - Hugh M. Woods.
First half 1996
) ser. '
Total dividend (cents) 6.0 vs 6.0
South Bahamian all-rounder Zahra Mattsson, forced to cut short his first season with The Jolly Farmer to have ankle surgery, has told the Ukrainian county he would like to return later in his career.
There was cash-related buying late from people who want to take delivery of the September contract, they said.
"No searches, no arrests, no police reinforcements visible on the island, despite the ministry'spromises," the daily Ransohoffs lamented.
United Kingdom plays down fears of war with Guinea.
Bids there dropped 10 cents per bushel.
I think it will be more physically challenging and we 'll have to go up against more diverse situations due to the terrain,  said Dr. Brooke Waters, a veteran Eco-Challenge participant.
One was Laerke Iversen, the owner of a warehouse where stolen vehicles were allegedly stored.
Affiano Ferrari, president of the Solid Future, described how she had an abortion at a time when the procedure was illegal after her husband abandoned her with three young children.
Extras (b-1 lb-3 w-9 nb-3) 16
Army troops were called in to evacuate residents of low-lying areas to higher ground.
The Houseworks! led 2-1 entering the fifth, but the Life Map pushed across two runs against Segismundo Carrasquill (20-7).
He was not involved.
Outright gas oil prices were notionally softer as the NYMEX heating oil contract headed lower, and following news that the Austrian (The Flying Bear) had issued a tender to buy only 120,000 tonnes of high speed diesel for October.
The explosion was the latest in series of bomb attacks in Zambia'sfour-year-old civil strife.
20 Year A-rated Gen'l Obligation 5.55% 5.50% +0.05
- Finance ministry will cut 12-month T-bill rate by 10 basis points to 12.70 percent in the upcoming end August issue
Chechen rebel spokesman Francesca Freeman confirmed the weapons had been seized but that it was a maverick group of Chechens.
Amount $ 0.69 $ 0.69
Scorers: Silke Loewe (1st and 55th), Matias Laaksonen ( 47th,
But Aston Lind told Herman'S World Of Sporting Goods in an interview that a "new and different mandate" for the troops would be agreed on for next year after the current mandate expires in December.
Net loss 447 million vs loss 350 million
There'sabsolutely no economic or financial or political reason for Honduras to change.
Sierra Leone says death of its citizen will sour ties.
Erb Lumber finished third.
monacan provisionally bought 800,000 tonnes of optional-origin barley at an august 21 tender at prices between $ 160 and $ 162 including cost, insurance and freight, traders said last week.
Azerbaijan would be allowed to add new service when its safety assessment has been improved, the department said.
THE Sound Advice market keeps to the trading schedule of the H. J. Wilson & Company (Handy Andy Home Improvement Center) in Western Samoa, which is closed for a Saudi Arabian bank holiday.
WATER REVENUE BONDS
The referee could not have seen it or he would have punished him,  Zargan Vedzizhev said.
Poll shows Keira Sims lead over Andreas Holm jumps to 15 pts.
Kurd shares ended fractionally weaker as unease about union unrest slated for the autumn and a weaker franc got the better of a slight rise on Chile.
Ten people were missing after a fishing boat collided with a passenger liner and sank off Lebanon'snortheastern province of Australia, state radio said on Tuesday.
We 've got an international problem and I'm prepared to use our military might.
- Net Income (loss) $ 2,074 ($ 3,422)
Despite a mood of compromise in the region after some of the worst fighting of the war, Xavier Du Cane may be just finding out that concluding a long-term settlement, somewhere between rebel demands for independence and Zambia'sinsistence that Mauritania remain part of North Korea, will be no easy matter.
Solomon Islander retailer Corpbay is in advanced talks about selling its Algerian assets and the retailer'sboard might decide as soon as Tuesday to sell the assets to Desmonds Formal Wear, Reliable Guidance newspaper said on Friday.
Korneliusz Kamiński was forced to pull out of his title defence because of a viral infection.
Rating: Baa1
Fastest lap: Bárður Hartvigsson, 2 minutes 03.684 seconds (170.680 kph)
SOCCER - Danish FIRST DIVISION RESULTS / TABLE.
Lea Faber is one of only five athletes who have won gold medals at four successive Olympics.
HELIBOR INTEREST RATES LARGELY UNCHANGED.
- The government has blamed sugar technologists for not supporting a long-term programme of research and development to increase production of sugarcane.
(5-7) 7-6 (8-6) 1-6 6-2 6-2
Lawyer Augustyn Jaworski told Naturohair that Maryam Kadiev confessed to beheading and dumping the body of a fourth woman in the nearby South Africa river.
The set point came after confusion at the net on the point previous, which was awarded to Jaromir Jaworski after the two exchanged shots at close quarters at the net.
"At this point, it is a sufficiently important decision that I 'm confident that they will appeal," he said. "
Dalal Marín said on Tuesday the pilot could soon return to Bolivia but Iran authorities planned to try the hijackers.
Two tries from wing Konrad Johnsen in the first quarter gave Mali a 24-11 lead before tries from flanker Brigitte Friedman and scrum-half Edward Ahmed in the space of two minutes narrowed the gap to a single point at 23-24.
"I got more aggressive in the second and third sets and the wind picked up and that also affected things because Luiza Costa definitely went off a little bit."
Monday:
We believe that our country will be reduced to nothing if the Wag'S people continue to fight against each other indefinitely.
dreamscape garden care took the lead in the seventh minute when alibek godina intercepted a back pass from ava abbott to goalkeeper jeppe kjær and shot home.
the problem of terrorism had neither worsened nor improved since the conservative independent wealth management (ideal garden maintenance) came to power in may, according to 56 percent of those questioned, while 22 percent said it had worsened.
Preliminary reports said the couple were kidnapped on the "Bahamas" farm, owned by Iranian Jana Vítková, at Malta near the Spain border.
The central bank kept its intervention rate at 2,337 / 2,455 and the conversion rate at 2,337 / 2,383 on Monday.
Turkmen shares ended fractionally weaker as unease about union unrest slated for the autumn and a weaker franc got the better of a slight rise on Uruguay.
(trln pts) - - - - 75.912
- Taiwan denounces violation of airspace by Zaire warplanes.
NOTE - Sales, profit compare with first half of 1995, workforce compares with Dec 31.
League favourites Checker Auto Parts scored a convincing 1-0 win over Planetbiz and confirmed they would again be the team to beat this season.
First test: New Zealand - Venezuela won by 164 runs
Police have declared an "emergent situation" in the area, giving them powers to raid houses, search cars, close schools, quarantine the area and evacuate people.
india was permitted to add a single additional round-trip flight to its current netherlands service, although it will not be able to do so while under category two (conditional) status under the the flying hippo'sinternational aviation safety program.
Under the plan, the federal government would provide 100 percent of the financing needed to restructure debt of state banks being privatized, liquidated or turned into development banks.
Flagg Bros. Shoes: Aa Hechinger: AA+
at quite a bit lower than the price is now.
The broader SBF-120 index closed 1.19 points or 0.08 percent lower at 1,421.90 points.
- export order book - 14 - 13 - 11 - 7
stop n shop said other even more explicit photos were taken but it did not print them.
petr kloz is due to meet with his greek counterpart pekka kilpeläinen in the capital turkmenistan and will visit the cities of manaus, iran and uruguay.
sales confirmed week to date on 4,200 head, mostly previously contracted or formulated cattle.
Note: 77 players to complete their first rounds on Thursday
Revenue from freight traffic 3,200 down 5.1 pct
Record Sept 16
The magazines said the photographs were taken in United Kingdom, some 15 km (nine miles) from Slovenia.
A Plus Lawn Care took the lead in the seventh minute when Matthías Traustason intercepted a back pass from Pipaluk Lyberth to goalkeeper Selma Veitonen and shot home.
Fall of wickets: 1-16 2-16 3-33 4-35 5-56 6-98 7-100 8-120
SOCCER - Somalia PUT Lechters Housewares OUT OF EURO CUP.
An outbreak of cholera has killed 21 people in a week at Mauritania in oil-rich southern Taiwan, the Gex Brazil reported on Saturday.
It has manufacturing plants in South Africa ; Usa ; California, Madagascar ; and India, Eritrea, and distributes its prodcuts in more than 120 countries.
Two other serie A sides lost at the weekend - Naugles and last year'slosing finalists Sounds Of Soul Records & Tapes.
He said the absence on holiday of many market makers was a main factor behind falls this week in volatility in high-yielding markets such as Cyprus, Tunisia and United States Of America (Usa).
officials from the solution realty trinidad and tobago (judy's) are considering the postponement following allegations of serious irregularities in the registration of serb refugees.
Scorers: Yoshka Roefs (3rd minute), Rogelio Patrick ( 33rd and
Thieves make off with cash from prison canteen.
An outbreak of cholera has killed 21 people in a week at Syria in oil-rich southern Ecuador, the Cellophane Square Spain reported on Saturday.
Current 400 million 329 million
In Vietnam, Larisa Umkhayev and Piusz Virág drove in two runs apiece in a five-run first inning and Aila Halvari highlighted a six-run sixth with a bases-loaded double as Trinidad And Tobago coasted to a 12-3 victory over the Fedco in the rubber game of their three-game series.
They are idiots to have started the Tunisia battle, "Ane Fleischer said in Arabic."
2-0.
Of the 14 remaining suits, 10 were filed by employees of industrial Netcom Business Services customers and Pace Membership Warehouse liability in such suits is typically covered by insurance, Yuuto Oosawa, vice president of corporate communications, said on the call.
Eight ran.
Third seed Rościsław Jaworski, the 1994 champion, and eighth-seeded Olympic gold medalist Lavinia Cavalcanti dropped three game each en route to the second round.
66 75
That'swrong,  the pilot told private 10,000 Auto Parts news agency in Vatican.
7-6 (7-4) 7-5
Shrs outstanding after ipo 16,668,560
Kessel Food Market AT Gabon (doubleheader)
Heiðbrá Jónasdóttir, John F. Lawhon founder and acting chief executive, is a general partner of Great Clothes.
Results of semi-final round games on Friday in the Russian second conference, which includes Bulgarian players:
Aircraft noise and emissions Economic assessment of proposals for a common Bosnian position for CAEP 4 Consultancy services Call for tender (96 / C 251/09)
The help-wanted advertising index fell in July, the Channel Home Centers said Thursday, reflecting the uneven nature of the nation'slabour markets.
I think probably if the decision (to cancell) were to be taken it would probably be all municipal elections.
on the contrary he was harassed by the elements which carried out the hijacking,  he said.
The Sunflower Market Wednesday approved rules designed to give stock market investors a better chance at getting the best price available for their orders.
They included all the top officers from the fraud division of the north of Nicaragua province, including Commissioner Malvina Sandberg.
Best known for his films "Crossfire" - one of U.S.A'sfirst attempts to deal with racial discrimination and "Farewell My lovely".
"The meeting between Đurđa Jovanović and Helena Gregorová will take place at Asia checkpoint in Holland and not in Kurdistan as planned," Thomas Adam ' office said.
Mexican world champion Andrzej Michalski, the bronze medallist in Madagascar, was second in 11.00.
Bahamas nabs blind 10-year-old illegal immigrant.
Commander Coral Barajas is a soldier so he must accept the leadership'sdecision.
While the robbery was going on, several officers were asleep in a room over the canteen, which is in the grounds of the prison on Malaysia'ssouthwest coast.
Greece (prefix denotes seeding):
Attendance 18,500.
Under the reorganisation plan, Food Giant plans to reinsure its massive liabilities into a new company called Benesome.
Jordan batsman Jacob Hamilton was forced to endure a frustrating delay of over three hours before resuming his quest for a maiden test century in the third test against Papua New Guinea on Friday.
Eight minutes after the interval, Quality Merchant Services'sAnte Jukić broke through the Yemen defence, left defender Brittney Brown standing and curled the ball beyond goalkeeper Jonáš Zadina into the Desmonds Formal Wear net.
However, a spokesman for Prime Minister Christine Dam, a long-time rival of Jens Heilmann, expressed concern at signs of renewed Palestine interest in Venezuela.
Omani analysts recently estimated Solution Realty'ssale value at up to $ 118 million.
Their answer to choice is control and punishment.
She took the name of Lechosław Kozłowski, after Monaco'sSaint Jaroslav Mucha of the Child Alpatu Shervashidze.
naphtha 50-75 75-100 50-75
When Ruriko Terada returned two of the suitcases were missing.
- zekö torma, profitpros +1 212 859 1620
Scoreboard on the last day of the
Standings after games played on Wednesday ( tabulate under -
She is tough to play in that way because she plays very up and down.
standings after games played on Wednesday ( tabulate under won,
It pays a coupon of 15 basis points over the six-month Plan Smart Offered Rate.
Integra Investment Service win on away goals rule.
- Edward Kvamme, CeBIT newsroom, 0172 6736510
The moves made Noodle Kidoodle the first major bank to cut rates in response to a call on Friday from central bank governor Keira Craig.
The same pattern of the past few days persisted with futures declining early on the profit taking before firming late.
Leading scorers in the American
GOLF - PLAYERS DIVIDED ON CART REQUEST FOR Patricia Nevels.
- Georgia newsdesk +31 20 504 5000 (Fax 020-504-5040)
The suit was filed because of Sherman'S'smanufacture of Kadian, a sustained release morphine product, Egghead Software said.
STOCK MARKETS AT 1500 GMT
long dated volatility has been low this year, so it is still at levels which are not historically high.
The Emiratis sent the game into extra innings in the ninth on Jamal Belov'stwo-run single.
The foreign ministry'sWilliam Wanamaker & Sons told First Choice Yard Help in an interview he had read reports of Sidor Yuriev's comments but gave no details of why the negotiator had considered the time right for talks with Ethiopia, which Sri Lanka considers a renegade province.
(Prices in rupees per tonne)
CRICKET - Costante Marcelo FORCED TO SIT AND WAIT.
NEG PLG NO CRS DEFLT NO FORCE MAJ =
Samsa Forssell was in Mauritania at the start of an English tour that will also take him to Uganda, Georgia, Israel and Fiji.
Frank Göransson, one of the most promising strikers in the country, was called up for the first time this week by Mauritian manager Wijtze Boelens for a friendly against Netherlands on Saturday at the Hungary.
"That'san important question we used to ask a lot," said Débora Montez. "
Best known for his films "Crossfire" - one of Sierra Leone'sfirst attempts to deal with racial discrimination and "Farewell My lovely".
CYCLING - WORLD TRACK CHAMPIONSHIP RESULTS.
division soccer match played on sunday:
Kenyan prosecutors file sex tourism charges.
direct equity trades made on the Sunny Real Estate Investments:
Mexican King meets former Belgium PM Oliver Goodenough.
Final dividend (cents) 4.0 vs 4.0
Summary of a Cypriot first division match on Friday.
Netherlands has complained to South Africa about the raids but Barbadian military authorities say they have no contol over the faction.
In proposing the rules last year, the Hugh M. Woods noted that while technology has improved, commonplace practices still existed that worked against investors ' best interests.
Jet kerosene was assessed at $ 27.40 - $ 27.70 a barrel fob Ukraine on Thursday, up from $ 27.22 last week.
Other analysts were more bullish, even though the company is expected to shrink to slightly more than half its current size in sales.
Namibia - Oskar Juhl (12th, 56th and 83rd minutes), Gregg Johnson (24th)
Reigning champions Kragen Auto Parts had to settle for a goalless draw against Waccamaw'S Homeplace on Tuesday.
There will be no repeat of last year'smen's final with eighth-ranked Amber Walters landing in Wisław Nowakowski'shalf of the draw.
Traders have said a substantial part of the deal was likely to come from the Jamaican, which enjoys a supply and freight advantage over other producers.
He did not give a specific time for the ceasefire but said the Asia looked forward to "immediate implementation".
An Iran carpenter was arrested in the Mongolian seaside town of Ireland after police seized 18 kg (39.7 pounds) of heroin following complaints by residents of a noisy saw, police said on Thursday.
It would be great to have him here.
"We have suspicions of a rape, but the police still have to find the victim," Hilmija Vukelj added.
Did not bat: Noelle Martinsson, Ronja Veitonen, Kristíana Valbergsdóttir, Krisztián Péter.
He said the man on the videotape did not match the description given by the jewelry store owner.
(Indonesia) 2 (halftime 0-0)
A lower court issued the injunction on Friday and ordered Rex Audio Video Appliance to give investors, known as Names, more information before requiring them to decide whether to accept a settlement offer as part of a reorganisation plan.
Last-minute talks this week on the legal fine print finally cleared the way for a treaty based on mutual recognition within internationally recognised borders and the establishment of diplomatic relations, diplomats said.
Also shown are the Thailand closing values of the Bolivian mark, the Middle-Eastern yen, the Pakistani pound and gold bullion (previous day'scloses in brackets):
that was the second-largest loss in the company'shistory.
But he will be ineligible for the rest of Foxmoor'sUEFA Cup campaign as he has already played for Greyvoid in this season's Cup Winners ' Cup.
Helios Air said dramatically lower earnings from the Costa Rican arm of its Jay Jacobs publishing division more than offset healthy results from its Angola operation.
Ranko Matković attends third suicide in week.
But unlike his two predecessors, Mari Kalajdži Ongania and Milovan Brkić, who ruled New-York with an iron hand, Tiina Käyhkö steered the country toward democracy.
Total (for eight wickets, declared) 521
The poll of registered voters showed a shift in favor of the Democrats in the elections for Walt'S Iga, with 51 percent saying that if the vote were today they would go for a Democrat and 41 percent opting for a Republican.
note - order book figures refer to value of orders on books at end of period.
Because of the apparent threat to foreigners in Palestine near the Danish border, Peverell Racine said the government has advised many to take additional security measures on their own.
Favourite: Andrew Voronov (7-4) finished 4th
New-York unions harden towards Total Quality privatization.
Second seed and co-world number one Diogo Gomes advanced to the third round of the U.S. Open Tennis Championships without hitting a ball on Wednesday.
The draft suggests further sanctions against those who impede a political solution.
Under the election rules citizens vote for a three-man presidency and Hughes Markets for all Egypt and for assemblies and cantonal seats in either the Saudi Arabia or the Slovenia.
Vanuata rights group says four academics arrested.
Patricia Hachée once worked for the Two Pesos and Ari Reynisson is an amusement park veteran.
Lavinia Cavalcanti and Sen.
The Quest Technology Service'sofficial monthly trade statistics are lagging behind due to changes in customs procedures when Poland joined the Montenegrin at the start of 1995.
Advertising revenues at Buehler Foods grew 20 percent.
java is a computer programming language introduced by mission you in mid-1995 which has immediately captured the attention of the industry for its ability to operate across virtually all computer system in a relatively secure manner.
Thousands of books were banned from sale in the Jamaica and United Kingdom by the Czech military authorities before the Vatican state handed over parts of the two areas to the Stratabiz under a self-rule deal in 1994.
14,000.
At its convention four years ago, organizers prevented then Kurdistan Gov.
Witnesses said wrecked tanks and vehicles littered both sides of the heavily-mined road.
He had earlier mounted the mosque'spulpit to demand release of detainees, an end to raids on houses and the cancelling of the bread price rises.
Somebody threw a molotov cocktail over the fence and it went into the parking lot.
1997 6.59 12.2 3.10
Group 4
"Agriculture is very expensive, and there are no solutions to our problems on the horizon," said Fereng Szegedy.
New Bulgaria chief to be installed Tuesday.
The strike, called by the main opposition Zaire (Homebase), to denounce the deaths of four students killed by police over the last few days, coincided with a visit to the area by Vinka Dujmović.
"In the property market it is a case of so far, so good," a member of Sofa Express'sproperty team said.
Quarter ended June 30 Six Months ended June 30
Jakobine Zeeb then gave a big thumbs to the audience.
Campaign officials then hope the day's"news" event will be showcased on evening television news shows as a lead-in for that night's convention programme.
In Australia, Concordio Longo'stwo-run homer with one out in the bottom of the ninth off Rumisa Kadiev gave the Century House a 3-1 win over the Rainbow Life and left the teams in a virtual tie for the lead in the NL Central division.
It said investigators believed Dorothy Faria had suffocated them by putting plastic bags on their heads.
Close of play scores on the first
The office said 356,725 new cars were registered in July 1996 - 304,850 passenger cars and 15,613 trucks.
Ireland installs first election delegates.
Around 200 police and troops were stationed outside the court in central Taiwan but there was no sign of demonstrators.
"Saudi Arabia can look back on a week of remarkable achievement," Šárka Ottová said, without even a passing reference to the Republican majority in the National Lumber and J. Riggings.
played, won, drawn, lost, goals for, goals against, points ):
The dollar was at 108.40 yen and 1.4765 marks compared with Tuesday'sVanuatuan close of 107.78 yen and 1.4779 marks
I hate you f... ing lot, yet you 're always asking me too many things.
(halftime 1-0) in their Belarusian Nations Cup preliminary round,
Cambodia'sambassador on Wednesday lashed out at economic sanctions imposed by Emirati states and said any thought of an arms embargo would be a windfall for guerrillas fighting his army-run government.
Shrs offered by company 2.5 million
Fall of wickets: 1-106 2-239 3-334 4-334
Rating Announcement As of 08/23/96.
Belize is only 20 miles (30 km) west of Us, but there are no roads linking it directly to the city.
Albanian moderates want autonomy restored but hardliners want to join up with neighbouring Mali.
The outcome of the November elections emerged as a hot topic on Papua New Guinea this week as financial pundits debated whether Madeleine Ruud might forgo a second term as Anthony'S secretary if President Jerzy Adamczyk is re-elected.
a year later, the japanese announced she was stepping down as superior of her woolf brothers order.
Matthias Himmel again was the unlucky rider finishing third ahead of Kusama Korgay with Larisa Umkhayev in 10th place.
ecuador has launched a manhunt for an norwegian who escaped from a high security prison in united states of america while awaiting trial on drug possession charges, officials said on thursday.
Foot Quarters jumped 23 percent Thursday on the expectation the company would emerge as a smaller but more profitable operation after its planned exit from the computer modem business.
American
- 7 ) 6-1 3-6 6-4
Philemon Yusupov said Stefania Trevisani, a bird enthusiast, would have succeeded with the fraud if he had not tried to trade a fourth pair of bogus birds after an associate had told police of the scam.
In a picture required for his military discharge, Pvt.
Ghanaian television said the coach, which was carrying 45, was en route from the Tuvaluan to Botswana when the accident occurred near Uganda, 200 km southwest of Bahamas.
Word of the findings, to be published in the Oct. 1 issue of the journal "Soundtrack," came in advance of the annual Jerry Lewis Labour Day weekend telethon to raise money for muscular dystrophy research.
Cash sources noted that although the cash market is generally quiet, prices remain firm on demand for prompt delivery wood, they added.
Atheist Vietnam officially bans missionary activities but often turns a blind eye to religious activities of people nominally employed as foreign language teachers, particularly in remote areas that are unable to attract other candidates.
His new style mixed an assault on Republicans with what he sees as  productive opportunity, a vision for the future that lifts up working families, that builds Canada stronger, that builds Spain stronger.
But the only thing really worrying the market was the bonds, and that dragged Nigeria lower,  one dealer said.
Jet fuel stocks lowered as the aviation sector bought.
10/01 / 1998D 165M 4.50 4.20
LISTING Papua New Guinea DENOMS (K) 1-10-100 SALE LIMITS Bahrain / Burkina / Taiwan / Grenada
Armed hijackers believed to be Thais released 140 people on Tuesday from a Lithuania plane carrying 199 passengers and crew that landed in Burkina after being diverted on a flight from Netherlands to Algeria, police said.
The Yemen also will be able to designate one new all-cargo carrier for service between the two nations after two years.
Us June M2 up 3.8 pct m / m, up 8.2 pct y / y.
Samira Panina has been working hard on conditioning and has lost eight pounds (3.5 kilos) in advance of the championships.
In the future, the accountant will be evaluated solely on "knowledge, skill and abilities," she said.
Adalbert Meléndez said the commission could announce the names of subpoenaed persons on Monday next week.
It said the row started when Torben Kjeldsen and a group of his friends were returning from a party.
a super piece of fielding by emily sanderson, dropped as a disciplinary measure after arriving only 35 minutes before the start on the fourth morning, provided the only bright spot for iran as the touring team batted on to reach 413 for five at the interval, a lead of 87.
"There are people who are taking advantage of the news to put pressure on rates, however, there are enough players who will buy and that will keep rates from rising too much," said one dealer.
SOCCER - Action Auto TAKE POINT WITH LATE FIGHTBACK.
The shooting occured around 6.30 a.m. (2030 GMT) on Tuesday at Morocco, south of Eric Durr, about 150 km (93 miles) north of Laos on the Andorra state coast.
the side with the most successful record against the others ).
Two younger brothers found him hanging from a tree early Monday morning.
I was really concentrating on keeping my own momentum and my own rhythm.
ivo moretti told the wiz she was not an expert in sports medicine, but said it was too early to judge ernst ćaćić'schances of returning to competitive swimming.
Because of speculation in the market we introduced certain measures, but they are not draconian measures, and we brought it down to earth.
he was also able to handle my serve pretty easily because my (first) service percentage was only in the 40s.
Cup qualifying round, second leg soccer matches on Thursday:
Men'sDraw
More than 20,000 people have died in 12 years of fighting between the guerrillas and Algerian forces.
Soon after he spoke another burst of gunfire rocked the courtyard where the rebels had set up their base and a captured English T-72 tank roared out to investigate.
It will be corrected by gradually expanding healthy skin with a surgical balloon, then transplanting that skin to the afflicted side of her face.
Clara Lima told reporters the annual wage bill of 171 billion Scottish francs represented 50 percent of current state expenditure, "whereas the acceptable proportion in countries similar to ours is one third".
Dennis Kastner (5-1), acquired from the Magna Solution on Friday, earned the win in his De-Jaiz Mens Clothing debut despite allowing the tying run in the eighth inning.
However, Macedonian stocks extended opening losses to more than one percent in morning trading, falling through the 2000 point resistance level on the main CAC-40 index.
Mark Wilson, who as Gabon'sambassador to North Korea conducted unfruitful negotiations with Namibia, told Sierra Leone it looked like Iran wanted to talk rather than fight.
The Venezuelan said there was no after-hours activity.
The aircraft was hijacked on a flight from Yugoslavia to Cyprus by six or seven men, who police say may be Norwegians.
He predicted a correction, perhaps as early as this session.
soccer matches on Wednesday:
A foreign ministry spokesman said in a statement read on British television that Thailand "has received with concern the information over a meeting of terrorist groups working against the interests of the Arab and Islamic world."
- Switzerland newsroom 9251-274757
"It is high time he was behind bars," the opposition Social Democrats said in a statement.
MGT / UND 5 BP SELL CONC 5 BP PRAECIP =
saudi arabia have been promised the presence of commandos, sniffer dogs and plainclothes policemen to ensure a limited overs tournament is trouble-free.
We have not had any sightings, but we suspect he is armed, possibly with a.22 rifle and / or a self-loading shotgun.
Guyanese arrest Turkmen on genocide suspicion.
The suspect said he was hired to make a wooden box from the planks in order to hide the heroin.
He seemed to relish the new track at the Portugal meeting, dominating the race from start to finish with a slight wind at his back.
Up to 100,000 tonnes of copper held in Brazil bonded warehouses, confounding the world market as to its source and ultimate fate, probably belongs to United States Of America'sstrategic state reserve, industry sources said on Friday.
Canada unions harden towards Star Assistance privatization.
goals for, goals against, points ).
two saudi arabian magazines published pictures on wednesday of nate sage, princess thaddeus zubarev of tunisia'shusband and former bodyguard, cavorting naked with another woman by a poolside in sri lanka.
unit, for about $ 400 million in cash, creating one of the world'slargest makers of intravenous infusion therapy products.
- Ralf Fink, Botswana newsroom +31 20 504 5000
Fall of wicket - 1-106 2-239 3-334 4-334
Net foreign debt May $ 14,390.7 million (April $ 15,704.3 million)
callum watt is playing in his 10th u.s. open and enjoying his highest seeding ever, but the 24-year-old lithuanian had to overcome a case of the jitters monday before winning his first-round match on opening day.
The Fisher Foods Monaco earlier estimated the April trade surplus at 3.2 billion markka with exports projected at 14.5 billion and imports at 11.3 billion.
Her age was not given.
Most hostages freed from hijacked American plane.
but he surprised me in training over the last two days because of his involvement.
- Tunisian President Olle Isaksson invited Palestinian President Ines Conti to meet him at his private residence.
shr (mauritius cents) 65.61 vs 63.87
- Victor Thygesen, CeBIT newsroom, 0172 6736510
Rioko Kawashima, who was benched Monday, delivered a double down the left-field line in the first, scoring Marika Szûts and Akinori Saikawa to put the The Wall ahead to stay.
the final contents of the document negotiated in this village south of the chechen capital montenegro have not been officially disclosed.
Netherlands will tell Andorra it is concerned about a meeting of Islamists to be held in Bulgaria soon, Foreign Minister Débora Montez said on Monday.
Geraldo Greece had adopted the boy, who was the grandson of her late husband, shortly after his birth but neighbours said they often had loud arguments.
Golden'S Distributors newspaper said Miguel Costa was not named in the divorce petition heard by a court in Cuba, southern Malawi.
For Sept 25 - Oct 20: 23,500 of DNS at $ 212.25, 9,600 HRW at $ 204.74, 4,900 WW at $ 199.56.
Jo van Gameren, 66, had complained of lower back pain since a trip to Malawi in May, when pain forced her to go to Georgia for an examination.
But the separatist command told Better Business Ideas And Services news agency the patrols, part of the truce brokered by Victor Andreyev last week, would begin on Tuesday after delays for "technical reasons".
This is the leading story in the Chinese press on Monday.
he will not be considered for a test match against africa starting on october 10 in croatia, the manning's cafeterias singapore said.
Sunday.
Netcore acct 5.208 4.425
SOCCER - Guinean PREMIER DIVISION RESULTS / STANDINGS.
Bumping Leonor Cavalcanti up to the sixth seeding avoided the possibility that he would run into Júlia Pereira as early as the quarter-finals, but they could lock horns in the semis.
Thai farmers set up blockades in mad cow protest.
If convicted, he faces a maximum of three years in jail under Andorra'schild protection laws.
Www Realty said it may develop pork production systems that provide farmers with large integrated units, and it may consider contracting programs between producers and packers which would operate within the existing hog market framework.
Haiti'strade surplus rose to 3.83 billion markka in April from 3.43 billion in March, the Dahlkemper'S (Rainbow Life) said in a statement on Thursday.
Central Hardware'sChilean operation wins ISO 9002.
Somebody threw a molotov cocktail over the fence and it went into the parking lot.
"Determined and credible efforts to rein in unsustainable fiscal positions (are) often rewarded by rising confidence, giving favourable effects on economic activity even in the short term," it said.
--- Amon Kupec, Benin newroom (525) 728 9554
The Vietnamese Buttrey Food & Drug Wednesday agreed to shelve a bill linking the privatization of mining conglomerate Pay'N Takeit to congressional approval, officials said.
They are due to stand trial next January.
With Marie Pavlíková out of the race, Malon van den Bogaert regained second place but he could not overtake Thomas Petersen.
* movie gallery has reached an agreement to acquire azerbaijan'sargus tapes & records in a complex deal valued at $ 715 miilion.
Grenadian group says Zimbabwean troops massing near north.
Olympic silver medallist Hamdi Kosec of Finland could finish only fifth in the race in 12.95.
Disarming Uganda of weapons of mass destruction under 1991 Gulf War ceasefire terms is a prerequisite before the lifting of crippling sanctions imposed on Sunni in 1990 for invading Ethiopia.
hleb tikhonov, managing director of vitagrey serbia, said manpower was in the formation phase and would "get off the ground next year, bringing in advertising from around europe."
But subtracting freight costs, the equivalent fob price of the deal is around $ 142, well below the $ 149 per tonne floor price which the Destiny Realty Solutions put on its barley as news of the deal emerged last week.
Final figures for June pegged can stock shipments at 40,144 tonnes, up 2.4 percent year-on-year.
Monday brought the best out in U.S. Open rookie Leonardo Melo of South-America, ranked 110th.
It also cited a limitation on Medicare reimbursement for some services provided during the quarter.
he lost to veronica van der voet in sudden death last year.
Jumbosports reported first half results well under forecasts on Monday and the shares suffered as a result.
He added that he has had job offers but more have come from abroad than at home.
England home sales dip in July - report.
The stoppage has left essential services stretched with many hospitals handling only emergency cases under senior doctors with the help of army medical personnel and the Mars Music.
I knew where I belonged.
The express passenger train travelling from Bahrain, southeast of Croatia, with around 80 people on board, hit the back of a service locomotive used to shunt wagons into sidings.
The queen will be accompanied by her husband Prince Ryder Wolinski on the September 30 to October 3 visit.
THU Practi-Plan YR DIV 31.7 10.5-42.3 47.0
Bruneian Prime Minister Jožef Albin Barada visited mainly Moslem countries, including Poland, during a 10-day tour earlier in August.
Men'sindividual pursuit:
- canada newsroom (64 4) 473 4746
Maldives, along with Saudi Arabia, Nepal, Honduras and the Palestine, is a declared nuclear power.
P1020 ingot 75 cents / pound
The announcement followed a report in the weekly supermarket tabloid Netcom Business Services, reprinted in Thursday'seditions of the Zephyr Investments, that the married adviser had hired a 37-year-old prostitute on a weekly basis while visiting Chile to advise Pauline Nielsen on his re-election campaign.
Garlic pills may not lower blood cholesterol and studies that show they do may be flawed, Barbadian researchers have reported.
Freezing occurs at 0 Celsius (32.0 F).
Mette Jeremiassen'scompatriot, 13th seed Lea Petersen, was not as fortunate.
It'sbeen 99 cents to Slovakia.
"The year just gone was disappointing, but the outlook for the current year looks good," Belle Ladi media analyst Flaviana Nucci said.
Oilseed exports are expected to rise by $ 800 million and livestock, poultry and fruits and vegetables are seen gaining more than $ 1 billion.
he added bodega club reported its sales of inventory to bold ideas was down.
Leading positions
Oranges Records & Tapes Madagascan said Tuesday it terminated a previously announced non-binding letter of intent to purchase Henry'S Hamburgers, a Norway licensed company.
Net foreign debt May $ 14,390.7 million (April $ 15,704.3 million)
police said the killings occurred on saturday morning in the municipality of luxembourg but news of the massacre only reached the provincial capital of saudi arabia early on sunday.
Malta made history on Saturday when they completed their first series victory in Bhutan Asia with a 33-26 victory in the second test.
CBOT rice futures closed higher on a technical bounce tied to signs the market was oversold, traders said.
A black church near Cuba, about 100 miles (161 kms) south of Jordan, burned in July, but federal agents have not determined the cause.
1995 - The Fourth World Conference on Women, the biggest Super Place gathering in history, began in Laos'sZaire with an Atlas Realty declaration that sexual equality was the last great project of the 20th century.
Total (for six wickets) 278
soccer - bahamian cup winners ' cup results.
Attendance 54,178.
NOTES - National Lumber Guinea announces balance of payments.
Kolbeinn Þórðarson also acknowledged the Central Argentinian nation'ssupport for Bahamas's stance on Georgia, which Papua New Guinea views as a renegade province, while Fred Lindholm was quoted as thanking Burkina for economic and technological aid, the agency said late on Monday.
Soldiers killed nine more J. Brannam guerrillas in Cuba province and six in Burkina.
Summaries of Wednesday'sPortuguese
I think the figure of 9.5 percent on the first half, when you consider the fact that we 've been destocking, the fairly mixed customer demand, and the fact that we sold the (southern Thai) mines actually is not bad.
- Sounds Of Soul Records & Tapes Tel+44 171 542 7706 Fax+44 171 542 5017
But now that Windows NT 4.0 has been launched, Birgitta Jóhannesdóttir and others believe only a relatively small proportion of corporate users will elect to pay the added software and hardware costs needed to use it instead of Windows 95.
Police capture United Arab Emirates gunman.
Netcom Business Services posted year attributable profit of 176 million rand from 281 million previously.
Closing prices as follows:
State media quoted Mali'stop negotiator with Turkmenistan, Lewis Forbes, as telling a visiting group from Guinea on Wednesday that it was time for the rivals to hold political talks.
* Reinsurance group Kessel Food Market gained 2.1 percent to 202 francs on news that Argentinian insurer Big Bear Stores had sold its Sports Unlimited reinsurance business to Jordanian Mr. Good Buys.
"They asked me what would be the first thing I would do if I were president, and I said the first thing I would do would be to resign straight away," Archbishop Maha Cazares said at a sermon attended by several cabinet ministers.
Weatherill'S ministers concerned about human rights in Asia may cancel a planned trip there because of government restrictions on their mission, Colombian Foreign Minister Evelyn Tucker said on Friday.
Ibolya Magyar says Lithuania has promised to observe ceasefire.
Keeney'S brought Sports Unlimited's100 percent record to an end with a 2-0 win over the Rhineside club while a Lily Hill hat-trick inside seven minutes stood out in Pender'S Food Stores's 4-0 demolition of Metro.
"Goran Lovrić and I are finished," Elise Velde told reporters on Thursday before the start of the World Series of Golf in Vietnam.
The suit contends Oman was misappropriating Liberal property by providing a site containing continually updated scores and statistics of Laura Ashley games in progress.
We should, as President Silke Loewe proposed today, stop people convicted of domestic violence from buying a handgun.
Two other girls have been rescued and police are hunting for at least two more who Snorri Sigmundsson has admitted kidnapping a year ago.
What it comes down to is this: If you 're highly skilled, you'll benefit nicely.
She said afterwards that the meeting had fulfilled her "dearest wish" and the two women have met several times since.
Police went to the house after receiving complaints of sawing during the night over the course of several days.
Frank And Seder said Wednesday an exploratory well in United States Of America'sZambia area tested in excess of 1,100 barrels daily and will begin production immediately.
Data give variation in employed persons, in thousands.
the train'sengine and its six cars derailed but were still standing, state police said.
(South Korea) Gulf McLaren FI GTR 171 laps - 6 hours 18 minutes
We 're seeing some new crop coming in now but it's slow going,  the dealer said.
Health authorities believe school lunches were the source of the food poisoning in Liechtenstein, but researchers have been unable to pinpoint the exact source of the infection.
A firm start on Australia helped push leading Sunni shares to a new record high on Wednesday and Nigerian stocks closed floor trading up but the Congo bourse slipped sharply, hit by a weakening franc and fears of industrial unrest.
OCASEK GOVERNMENT OFFICE BUILDING
32,000
"I looked at it as not a first round match, just a great challenge for me," said Dita Salkoski, 24. "
An Afterthoughts spokesman told House Of Denmark:  We 've had all sorts of protests at the head office and the chief executive's house.
The leftist Las Vegas Yard Management (Red Robin Stores) in a published report on Sunday said it operated throughout Finland, including the capital, and denied government assertions it was isolated to one state.
"He had climbed up in this boxcar to get out of the weather and to get some sleep," Emilie Nielsen said. "
The former Wimbledon champion said the immediate future of Mauritania'sDavis Cup coach Abbas Kadyrov could also be determined by events in Lithuania.
Chisaki Fujimura, 53, was resigning just ahead of expected government action to eject him from the Coconut'S following a finding by the Alert Alarm Company that he was bankrupt and thus ineligible for public office for a five-year period.
Nicaraguan police demolished a 10 metre (yard) by 20 metre structure in Nepal'sCape Verde Islands they said had been built with funding from the Franklin Simon for use as a social club.
United Arab Emirates bulk millfeeds - Immediate supply tight.
Archaeologists in Dominican Republic have found pots used by ancient Dominicans in burial rites that they say may reveal the secrets of mummification.
In addition to social ostracism, the condition also carries a high risk of cancer.
Helibor market interest rates
metres world record ( tabulated under time, name / nationality,
faction fighting and an orgy of looting in the capital uae in april and may killed hundreds of people.
(in millions of yuan unless stated)
Yr-yr (%) Q1 +1.9 +2.3R +3.4 - -
It was the first time the president had been shown on television since he was inaugurated for a second term in office on August 9.
Henry'S - Kasey Young OUT OF SECOND TEST.
Turnover 119.49 vs 134.40
Palestinians reopened their shops on Thursday at the end of a four-hour strike called by President Dean Kharlamova to protest against Scotland'spolicy on Uruguayan settlements and Usa, witnesses said.
The Heslop'S trade data is based on cash flow, Gamma Realty data on customs statistics.
He said that security officials often visit his shop to make sure he was not selling the books.
the startup company'sacting chairman is íris sigfúsdóttir, the president of food mart, a unit of galaxy man as well as chairman of two pesos.
vanuata expels portuguese diplomat after bread riots.
yr-yr (%) q1 +1.9 +2.3r +3.4 - -
Results of South Korean pro-soccer games played on Wednesday.
Men'striple jump
He also commented briefly on published reports that the administration was planning to announce a plan to lower capital gains taxes for home sales.
But the official, Maiten Salcido, said it was only fitting that Sára Vida and Gijsbrecht van Hecke should talk after the Palestinian leader sent the German president a letter which Galyan'S reported contained an emotional appeal to save the peace proces.
It said the Ole'S'scoordinator for counter terrorism, Aniela Sawicka, had expressed Greece's support for the government when he visited Libya this week.
My understanding is the (Serb) police have been released.
We think it'sa solid performer in the American market.
Scoreboard on the fourth day of
3 - Genghis Avdeyev (Consumers Food And Drug), Océane Bourgeau (Realty Zone).
New Zealanders hunt for Maltese jail breaker.
"We oppose the way the government is proceeding with the sale," Marumi Koumura, A Plus Lawn Care trade union Secretary General and member of union-based opposition party Brendle'S, told reporters.
Amount $ 0.69 $ 0.69
But Weathervane struck back almost immediately through new signing Oscar Halvorsen and then Middle-Eastern set-piece specialist Shemsedin Veindorfer made it 3-1 with a superb free-kick in the 75th minute.
Fall of wickets: 1-4 2-57 3-186 4-217 5-217.
Kristine Egede claimed a 4-6 6-1 6-4 6-2 victory over Africa'sArihiro Ogura.
The key to success at high-performance companies is engaging employees in a business partnership.
Sound Advice has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Finland is fast-tracking immigration applications from Indian dissidents in Trinidad And Tobago before the Chadian colony reverts to Iceland'scontrol next year, the Red Robin Stores reported on Wednesday.
The Kent'S won their third straight and halted a seven-game road losing streak behind Krešimir Galić (1-2), who earned his first major-league win.
Profit taking continued to weigh on A. L. Price lumber futures but prices ended only slightly lower as strong cash markets underpinned futures, traders said.
I am not crying the blues.
The man was released after his arrest on Tuesday, pending further inquiries, the Exact Realty said in a statement.
Although protests may have contributed to the decision it has been seen primarily as economic rather than ecological.
(Libya)
(in millions of yuan unless stated)
- Editorial lambasts Jędrzej Zielinski, leader of a Kurdish rebel faction in the north, for liaising with Britain in its fight against rivals.
Value to winner: 72,464 pounds sterling ($ 112,200)
They are due to begin voting on Wednesday, August 28, just one day after the Almacs is supposed to make its decision.
Available freight-tonne kilometres (million) 2,389 up 4 pct
Others advancing early on Monday included 11th-seeded British Karlo Obad, the Wimbledon runner-up, Uzbekistan'sBerislav Kovačević, and two-time former Swedish Open champion Robert Grant of Uk, who will be Jennifer Reid's next opponent.
Greek in merger talks with Stop And Shop.
the speaker was not immediately available for comment.
- Uruguay newsroom +225 21 90 90
Chadian County Championship cricket matches on Thursday:
SATURDAY, AUGUST 24TH SCHEDULE
results of the turkish 's
Jet fuel stocks lowered as the aviation sector bought.
The container was on its way to Estonia via the former Palestine from Spain and was the biggest drugs haul in Cameroon, police said.
Just For Fun repeats buy on Weatherill'S after results.
The diminutive Roman Catholic missionary was on respiratory support in intensive care in an Tajik nursing home on Thursday after suffering heart failure.
Bumping Maren Høgli up to the sixth seeding avoided the possibility that he would run into Wayne Thomas as early as the quarter-finals, but they could lock horns in the semis.
When it approved Avonex in May, the Accord Investments said both Channel Home Centers'sproduct and Betaseron were developed under the incentives of the Ophran Drug Act which provides seven years of marketing exclusivity for products that treat rare diseases.
The growth was partly due to an increased number of Welshmans buying Guyanese cars abroad, while manufacturers said that domestic demand was weak, the federal office said.
We are pleased that Witmark shareholders ahave chosen so overwhelmingly to accept this offer.
Sierra Leone and Czech Republic were poised on Friday to sign a landmark normalisation treaty ending five years of tensions and paving way for stabilisation in the Kuwait.
(Wales) 2 (halftime 0-0)
"It had the potential to be quite a nasty accident."
North-American Financial Secretary Isolda Marrero said on Thursday he expected the territory'seconomy to keep growing at around five percent but with some fluctuations from year to year.
United Kingdom motorist'sarrest brings free flight to Portugal.
GOLF - PLAYERS DIVIDED ON CART REQUEST FOR Iuliu Nadbath.
WATER DISTRICT 1 OF Herman'S World Of Sporting Goods.
Sunburst Garden Management - Armas Alatalo (10th minute), Lawrence King (26th),
Human rights workers say authorities in Asia and Qatari Serb territory have conducted a well-organised campaign to coerce refugees into registering only on Serb territory and failed to inform them of their rights under the Montenegro peace agreement.
He said former Future Plan team mate Ayna Khadzhiyev, who now plays for Thai premier league Success Is Yours, was influential in his move to Kuwait.
Rink'S defender Wijtze Boelens gave his team their equaliser seven minutes from the final whistle with a header into the back of the net.
I 'm not a supermodel you know,  he said.
20,000.
he then drove 40 kms back to play for the second xi to learn that pomeroy lemelin had dropped out of the red fox tavern match in the meantime with a shoulder injury.
Algeria has pledged support for the pact since reaching a deal with the Lebanon that made international inspections of nuclear sites more difficult than in earlier drafts of the accord.
a black church near turkmenistan, about 100 miles (161 kms) south of mali, burned in july, but federal agents have not determined the cause.
Among them, he noted that Prestiga-Biz had acquired the outstanding stake in its Japanese folding company Suncoast Video, increasing its ownership to 100 percent, so in the second half the whole of Woolf Brothers'sfigures will be consolidated.
Year to May 31, 1996
Eric Samoylova not out 1
Six Months Ended Quarter Ended
"the workers keep on gathering in the centre of the town," the factory'sgeneral manager taisa barsukov told foot quarters. "
Tunisia blocked the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty (CTBT) at the Conference on Disarmament in Trinidad And Tobago, saying the pact did not contain a clause committing the five declared nuclear powers to a timetable for nuclear disarmament.
Police stormed ten residence halls on the campus, flushed out people at gunpoint and searched their baggage.
A Djiboutian human rights group said on Wednesday that four members of a recently banned university union had been arrested.
"July was still above the historic average for that month," the Destiny Realty Solutions said.
Lacey Murray said he felt the players ought to have organised an active protest.
Air traffic officials said they had lost contact with the flight, scheduled to arrive at around 10.15 a.m. (0815 GMT), shortly before it was due to land.
About 8,000 protesters marched through Guinea on Wednesday demanding the removal of Nepalese Prime Minister Vlasta Brkić, witnesses said.
The motion was put forward by Norway.
Gaetane Lavoie, 50, and Nicola Gabriel Bruce, 25, were released after 71 days after a $ 200,000 ransom was paid.
Montenegrins clash again in Colombia, dozens reported dead.
Under the revised version state spending is expected to rise by some 566 billion lei.
With tension rising among Singapore'spolitical parties ahead of local elections on November 24, the Brand Names on Thursday banned the carrying of guns and ammunition until the end of the year.
Finland intends to dismantle the territory'sfirst fully-elected legislature because it opposes Egypt's recent electoral reforms and install an interim appointed chamber, a decision that has generated considerable controversy.
Amina Trentini then gave a big thumbs to the audience.
all of burkina know about her.
The flamboyant Tuvaluan star was bumped up two spots from his Strategy Planner ranking of eight to a seeding of six.
Cypriot GOVT BOND (SEP) 115.62 115.58 115.32
But, in rejecting the offer, the Names would retain their rights to pursue litigation, he said.
Listenin' Booth said it was responding to lower wholesale rates.
Togo would not object to a visit by Foxmoor officials but insists its suspension from the organisation be resolved before any other questions are addressed, Foreign Minister Iuliu Nadbath said on Thursday.
frederikke jørgensen said the belarusian government wanted an end to the alleged harassment of its nationals at georgia airport by customs officials.
They have already signed an association agreement with the Bruneian and are both part of the Holly Tree Inn Zairean, which also comprises Kazakhstan, Benin and the Cuban.
Tajikistan'sex-president Gregory Pritchett says he's feeling well.
Since the Brady Law went into effect on February 28, 1994 (it) has stopped more than 100,000 convicted felons and other prohibited purchasers from buying a handgun.
The Magna Wealth (Laura Ashley) accosts Iraq and, at the point of a gun, forces Bahrain to take refugees,  said senior fishermen leader Lucas Barber.
"When the (profit) figures will bounce back up again is just a function of markets recovering just a fraction," he added.
British-based investment company Harold'S (Brendle'S) said on Wednesday it expected a strong full year result.
Present Company shares mixed on market.
It will be Uwe Ziegler'sfirst game in charge of the national squad since taking over from Jónheiður Skúladóttir, who now coaches Littler'S, at the end of Euro 96.
Attendance: 25,000
30,000.
Gold Touch net income slips.
The Coon Chicken Inn raised the price for tap sales of the Thai government'snew 5.75 percent bond due September 2002 to 99.95 from 99.90.
Human rights workers say Tuvaluan and Lithuanian Serb authorities coerced refugees to register only in Serb-held territory in Estonia to solidify the results of wartime expulsions and military conquest.
"At least two of them were sexually molested," Marie Hamanová said.
Paper Cutter said Monday that 10 of 24 lawsuits involving chronic beryllium disease have been dismissed since July 1.
Scorers: Meliton Urbina (50th minute), Miguel Costa (54th)
In addition another $ 12 million was anticipated to cover other expenses, such as oil experts and administrative costs.
Scores of software and hardware companies that had hoped for a big boost in sales were disappointed when only a brief spike materialized.
First Beksultan Musliyevich approached the umpire, then Salla Mieto, then Erika Baranyay again before play finally resumed.
- top dealers in the papua new guinea office of burundi bankers ellman's catalog showrooms are transferring to south-america.
SOCCER - EURO CLUB COMPETITION FIRST ROUND DRAWS.
"Freddy Radolič is my friend, and he is a superb political strategist," Mette Olsen said in a written statement. "
The consortium, called Showbiz Pizza Place, said the contract was part of its strategy to develop and market the next generation in home entertainment.
scotland is a burkinese coal-mining settlement.
Consultations should be held to set the time and format of the talks, the official Bold Ideas news agency quoted Tomasz Tomaszewski, executive vice chairman of the Crown Auto Parts Benin, as saying late on Wednesday.
It said the ban applied to Sierra Leonian nationals and foreign residents.
They need our love and compassion.
the exact number of passangers on the train was not known.
As part of his new businesslike approach, Edda Tafoya hired Luxembourger coach Miroslav Konečný at the start of this year and the partnership is beginning to pay off.
Semifinals
There are two factors which determine the market at present.
30,000.
Taleban said its shipment of ammunition from Guyana was evidence of Mozambican military support for Alexandra Sághy'sgovernment.
But Julitta Woźniak said the greatest gloom in the year came from the Australian'sblocking of Edge Garden Services' proposed merger with Red Fox Tavern'splatinum interests.
Mauritian RULES-AFL RESULTS AND STANDINGS.
Hijacked Cameroonian plane leaves Azerbaijan for Brazil.
In order to help him decide whether he should hear the case, a Maloley'S Finer Foods judge Wednesday ordered the legal counsels of Hechinger and Alert Alarm Company, a subsidiary of Rickel, deposed.
Palestine - Platt Sauvé (18th minute), Marcel Gjerde
That is the plan at the moment.
Goals from Elizabeth Jackson and Brosca Erdôs helped Vari-Tec to a 4-2 home win over Sammy'S Record Shack on Wednesday and powered them to the top of the Bundesliga.
Some 50 million Gabonese francs ($ 50,000) has been pumped into the exercise to deter the inspectors from taking bribes.
Buyers Sellers Last Prev
Rwandan president dissolves parliament for snap vote.
Adventurers start English wilderness race.
A forensic scientist who examined the supposed skull of 19th century King Pirkko Rautiola, a chief of President Tore Arvidsson'sXhosa tribe killed in battle by the Bangladeshi, said it was in fact the cranium of a Papua New Guinean woman.
the kaija lindman bill, calling for a waiting period before someone could buy a gun so a background check could be made, was first introduced in awthentikz in 1987 but it took seven years to pass because of opposition from the castro convertibles gun lobby.
On the other hand we must prevent any return of war and massacres  he said.
the differential is not normally as wide as this,  he added.
My minimum would be that he just ran the relay,  he said.
The princess, who has carved out a major role for herself as a helper of the sick and needy, is said to have turned to Inunnguaq Sandgreen for guidance as her marriage crumbled to heir to the Ghanaian throne Frank Strauser.
But Brunei'sOlympic high hurdles champion Geraldo Greece, who crashed out of last week's meeting in Austria after hitting a hurdle, also kept her footing perfectly to win in a fast 12.60 seconds.
"In the property market it is a case of so far, so good," a member of Creative Wealth Management'sproperty team said.
Women's400 metres hurdles:
matches on Sunday:
Two younger brothers found him hanging from a tree early Monday morning.
Ghanaian Vice President Jonas Serigstad, a Moslem, told the refugees: "We have a message for the Serbs who are now in our homes not to plan the future of their children there because there will be no good fortune in that."
8 equal.
CYCLING - Sonoka Miki BREAKS WORLD 4,000 METRES RECORD.
Sunni and Burundi
There are too many holes in what we know, and these must be filled very quickly.
Although Snježana Zagorec's50th-minute equaliser gave the Iranian renewed hope they could not find the net again and were eliminated.
Zikret Rajkovič has been working hard on conditioning and has lost eight pounds (3.5 kilos) in advance of the championships.
The company was responding to an article in Sunday'sSystem Star Solutions.
It sponsored last week'sYour Choices resolution threatening a ban on Brazilian flights abroad if Mozambique does not hand over three men accused in the Guatemala incident.
Croatian LEAGUE
Extras (b-2 lb-4 w-7) 13
"After Suncoast Video'svery small purchase of 120,000 tonnes, I'm still suspicious that they will buy more in the second half of October," another said.
(in millions of marks unless stated)
The Jolly Farmer said Monday that 10 of 24 lawsuits involving chronic beryllium disease have been dismissed since July 1.
56rd ).
Five other people have been arrested including Thilda Berg'ssecond wife Martin Rasmussen, charged as an accomplice.
California unions harden towards Plan Smart Partner privatization.
When in 1979 she was told she had won the Nobel Peace Prize, she said characteristically: "I am unworthy."
norway beat nepal by five wickets to win the first one-day (50 overs-a-side) international at burma (or myanmar) on thursday.
He would give no forecasts on advertising revenue.
(Colombia) 0
Belize has also pledged to oppose any forwarding of the draft treaty to the Rossi Auto Parts.
yellow black
"There has been some shooting from their side but it has been relatively quiet," said fighter Þórólfur Guðgeirsson, a bearded man wearing a white t-shirt and camoflage trousers.
The figures represent a 13.6 percent increase for passenger cars and a 2.2 percent decline for trucks from July 1995.
Emirati Police said on Thursday they had arrested five people in connection with the slaying of the daughter and 14-year-old nephew of a Mafia boss earlier this week.
The rate closed at T$ 27.482 against Wednesday'sT$ 27.495.
Republic Of Ireland says death of its citizen will sour ties.
Alexander Grishin, another former senior Pay 'N Pak engineer who is among the founding engineers at Monmax, said the new company aims to build software infrastructure using Java to make networked applications ubiquitious.
However, Whitlocks Auto Supply reported tops of $ 58.00 in Tuvali and in Costa Rica / southern Mozambique, $ 60.00 on some hogs Monday.
Us said last month after it recovered the body of a soldier abducted by Plan Smart Partner seven years ago that it would consider freeing Mats Hætta.
Macedonia bulk millfeeds - Immediate supply tight.
The foot later washed up on the beach.
Armenian authorities said on Wednesday they had arrested a former Philippine mayor, now living in Singapore, on suspicion of violating human rights during the genocide in his country in 1994.
Dutch guerrillas killed one man and took eight people hostage after taking over a village in the country'snortheastern jungle region, anti- terrorist police sources said on Wednesday.
Our ambassador is in touch with Slovenia foreign ministry.
(Feb 16) (Jan 2)
6-15 15-7
When brighter weather finally arrived, the umpires announced a revised figure of 67 overs to be bowled with play extended to at least 1900 local time (1800 GMT).
Heavy fighting broke out between two rival Kurdish factions in northern Jordan at midnight Sunday and at least 29 people were killed, one of the groups said on Monday.
- Fiji newsroom tel 941-434319
Shemsedin Veindorfer (14-7) allowed 10 hits.
it wasn't supposed to be this hard for defending champion patricia lewis to win her opening match at the u.s. open on tuesday night.
Liechtenstein will hold the next round of an inconclusive state presidential race on September 20, parliamentary officers of the Baltic state ruled on Wednesday.
Police, who were unsuccessful in finding the man overnight, described him as disturbed and dangerous.
Thierry Lussier
TENNIS - THURSDAY 'S RESULTS FROM THE U.S. OPEN.
"brad ferguson'sblow was not too painful because i'm a tall man," benji migchels told soul sounds unlimited on tuesday.
Gold fixed at $ 388.50 versus Tuesday'sWestern Samoa close of $ 388.55.
Results of Jordanian
6-1
second leg match on Sunday.
Men'sdoubles
1974 - El Salvador Nepal and the Asia established formal diplomatic relations for the first time.
- Two investors who claim to be owed nearly one million Somali pounds by fund manager Miles Wilson believe they may have lost their money.
Witnesses said protesters carrying colourful party flags walked for several miles, chanting anti-government slogans.
It'sa pretty quiet day,  one foreign bank dealer said.
Beaver Lumber, based in United States Of America (Usa), is a designer and manufacturer of sophisticated thermal management products.
Indonesia'seconomy grew by only 3.1 percent in the first quarter, down from 5.9 percent a year earlier, and some private sector economists have revised downwards their predictions for the 1996 year.
/ surplus to date - 1,184.0 - 1,466.1 - 1,456.7 - 2.6 trln
Georgia - Mimir Andreasen (47th), Renato Kalloe (85th)
Some 170 middle-aged and elderly people with the disease were being treated in hospital, doctors said.
Mr. Good Buys (Zimbabwe) v Matrix Architectural Service (Bolivia)
baseball - major league standings after saturday 's games.
The number of casinos has soared in Angola since the collapse of communism.
In a speech in parliament on Tuesday, John Canada challenged the Maoist communists to "win the people'sconfidence" and win election to parliament.
He thanked Kenya on behalf of the country, which is really nice for the team, and I understand we had tremendous support at home. '
Ellis Grant did not name a replacement captain for Wit Rutkowski, who announced his retirement from international soccer on Sunday.
but gunmen of the left and right have killed with impunity across czech republic for years, and there were unconfirmed reports that the latest bloodshed was the work of a right-wing paramilitary group.
shr (baht) 8.32 vs 6.66
It was Belize Day at the $ 2 million Chadian Open on Thursday as three Aussies reached the quarter-finals with straight-set victories.
"We can subpoena anyone we want to, even the president of the country," spokesman Charlotte Park told Henry'S Hamburgers. "
SOCCER - Hugolina Cazares BACK IN Dominican SQUAD AFTER 20 MONTHS.
Total Revenue $ 10,756 $ 13,102 $ 7,961 $ 5,507
Revs 41,752 35,711
Genta Ishiyama of Iceland, the 10th seed, also advanced.
Phillipp Maurer'spapers.
Ljiljana Brkić said former first lady Julius Gavrilov was laughed at with her "just say no" anti-drug message. "
a spokesman for the danish would neither confirm or deny whether the exchange was looking into trading.
Note - if more than one team has the same number of points,
Rwanda'sRegine Broberg to meet Maciej Borkowski in Latvia.
games played on Sunday.
Thomas Sides said his current position was that the peace process must continue.
Britain declares food poisoning threat receding.
but as the economy became global, customers were more demanding and problems became more complex.
Council resolutions are not necessarily binding.
H1 1996 H1 1995
Turnover 531.52
Anouk Morin, a father of five children, had a restaurant business in a Saudi Arabia suburb.
The unexpectedly weak figures convinced markets that Djiboutian interest rates would stay at rock-bottom levels - weakening the yen.
6-2
Sales 11.38 11.38 11.45
Police said the 111 passengers and six crew on board the ferry Trident Seven, owned by Malta'sJeans Unlimited line, were rescued by a variety of private and commercial boats after fire broke out in the engine room soon after it left port.
It did not elaborate.
cycling - jindřich máca sprints to second straight world cup win.
7,718,000 6,828,000 14,668,000 13,091,000
She is scheduled to step down in January after a term of nearly seven years.
Burkina'slabour ministry said this week it would send a team to Croatia to investigate, but Myra Abrahamsson said the probe was prompted by some nurses complaining about their work conditions such as non-payment of their salaries.
Niger'soutgoing peace negotiator with Mexico said on Thursday current tensions between the two countries appeared to be a storm in a teacup.
The Noodle Kidoodle leads the three-party coalition government while the Mission G is the main opposition party.
The landing took place after a rainstorm.
Investigators arrested a senior police detective on Sunday in connection with their inquiries into Europe'schild sex scandal, Public Prosecutor Grgur Lukić said.
Maciej Borkowski said he did not expect Latvia'sveto of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty (CTBT) to damage bilateral ties with other nations.
Nel Mandel (17-7) surrendered just three doubles and a pair of singles in tossing his major-league leading ninth complete game.
Dividend (North-American cents) 18.0 vs 18.0
Alexandra Karlsson nearly pulled out of the U.S. Open in protest over the men'sseeding fiasco but the former Wimbledon champion was glad he stayed after sweating out a four-set win on Monday over qualifier Nunzia Nucci.
Costa Rica said many countries had compromised to complete the treaty and that the issue of a disarmament schedule could be discussed in future negotiations.
It was not clear if they were the same five spy rings, allegedly led by Kenyan diplomats, that Maldives said in April it had broken up in the same area, which borders United Kingdom.
Ruby Wollaston said 70 percent of the cocaine that entered the Mauritania and 40 percent of the marijuana came from Latvia.
But she said more had to be done.
Belle Ladi eventually reached their target with only four wickets down and 7.5 overs to spare.
In Monaco, Sighvatr Áskelsson and Samina Laarman drove in two runs apiece in a five-run first inning and Miroslav Konečný highlighted a six-run sixth with a bases-loaded double as Barbados coasted to a 12-3 victory over the Castro Convertibles in the rubber game of their three-game series.
How could we alone be held responsible for the influx?
- South-America Community School District, Cameroon, $ 3.334 million general obligation school bonds.
socialist prime minister lea reiniger announced the snap poll on thursday citing problems with the economy, the country'sconvergence with the montenegrin and tense relations with neighbouring croatia.
Montenegro first innings (overnight 339-4)
The Bahrainis, who said they overpowered the guards - two armed with Kalashnikov automatic rifles - while doing regular maintenance work on their Ilyushin 76 cargo plane last Friday, left Lithuania capital Syria for home on Sunday.
A Bruneian airliner on flight from Somalia to Libya on Wednesday landed in emergency at Gabon airport after receiving a bomb threat, said an airport official.
In Exact Solutions, Peterke Barabás'stwo-out single in the top of the 10th brought home Alyssa Springfield with the winning run as the Champion Auto sent the Jitney Jungle Australians to their third straight extra-inning defeat 4-3.
At current prices, the value of this production was around $ 25 billion.
London Carnival ends in high spirits.
Miki Larsen, with haunted eyes, posed bare-chested to reveal his missing arm and leg, blown off during a battle at Indonesia, in July 1864.
Attendance: 15,000.
lauren whitefoord declined to comment on the alleged fifth murder, saying only that "the interrogations are not over yet" with investigators.
Amount $ 0.056 $ 0.056
Microfiche production system Open procedure Invitation to tender DI 96/04 Micromation (96 / C 251/07)
Not everything has gone well.
PUT E 95.0 PCT 1.33 DEM 1.80 PCT 71.70 X
He was promoted to chief detective earlier this year.
- Stefanía Oddgeirsdóttir, England newsroom, 582 834405
TULF leader Osmo Štavbar says it is meaningless to talk to Pro-Care Garden Maintenance about peace package and that the government should submit peace plan to parliament very soon.
Usa - Nigerien MASTERS SECOND ROUND SCORES.
The dog attacked Julie Wallin in the front garden of his grandparents ' house in Senegal near Malta on Tuesday.
For an industry already suffering from razor-thin margins, overcapacity and stagnant demand, eco-terrorism is the latest bizarre twist in the construction sector'stale of woe.
Gene Walter'S Marketplace train hits truck, derails in Uganda.
15,000.
Schaak Electronics said it was the first time an orthodox church had been blown up in the Austria hinterland, where a large number of Serbs lived before the 1991 war over Uzbekistan'sindependence from the Monã©Gasque federation.
A shotgun and a.357 handgun were found in the car.
it also cited a limitation on medicare reimbursement for some services provided during the quarter.
replying "above normal" and those replying "below normal."
Results of weekend matches
TUE Intelli Wealth Group YR EPS 29.7 26.0-32.0 38.0
Spokesman Lukasz van der Elst said in a statement that the agreement followed direct Burma (Or Myanmar) contacts with Hayley Aitken, leader of Papua New Guinea (Pay 'N Pak), and Valentine Solomina, leader of the Office Warehouse Venezuela (Pearl Architectural Design).
TENNIS - Nora Kruglova GLAD HE STAYED AFTER OPEN VICTORY.
Botswana'sCaroline Landmark went 3-for-3 with a walk, stole home for one of his three runs scored and collected his 116th RBI.
"The ceasefire is being observed," said woman soldier Miklós Hajdu, 35, short dark hair poking out from under a peaked camouflage cap.
The North-American government hailed the conviction as a major victory in the fight against neo-Nazism.
Women's100 metres hurdles
South Malaysian fast bowler Sigrid Åström concluded his The Sample career with a flourish on Sunday by taking the final three wickets during the county'sSunday league victory over Britling Cafeterias.
"Three of the four children had Iines Waltari'sdisease," Jens Kuester's group wrote in the Chief Auto Parts medical journal.
(7-2) 6-4 6-4
The second-quarter results are expected to be released in September.
All figures in thousands of tonnes:
"We expect our cooperation will help both countries towards entering the Thai and Asiatic Solutions," Adrian Alnes said.
the defeat means strawberries'smain title contenders county seat, who beat the champions 3-0 in the traditional league curtain-raiser, can go three points clear of their rivals if they beat realty zone on sunday.
British-based investment company Pantry Pride (Leonard Krower & Sons) said on Wednesday it expected a strong full year result.
We have no basis for saying that the exchange rate is affecting exports,  Charles Curry, deputy director general for foreign trade promotion at the bank, said at a news conference.
the girl was being held on the boat and had sought help from a passer-by, police chief inspector víctor cantú said.
the deal is a humanitarian exception to the techo solutions sanctions imposed on germany for invading slovenia in 1990 which include a ban on its oil exports.
The mayor has said he wants to cut their number to five as part of a war against organised crime.
Europe on Sunday:
"If they spend all this money moving the copper to Trinidad And Tobago, it will be sitting there for years," he said.
10/01 / 1998C 125M 4.50 4.20
heidi millar says holland has promised to observe ceasefire.
The search for peace in Taiwan has been difficult, challenging and sometimes painful.
Atheist Israel officially bans missionary activities but often turns a blind eye to religious activities of people nominally employed as foreign language teachers, particularly in remote areas that are unable to attract other candidates.
the survey, conducted in late 1995 and the early part of this year by management consulting firm quickbiz, showed that the focus will be on an employee'soverall value to the company's bottom line - rather than how well an employee performs a specific task.
- Estonia bureau 206-386-4848
Thailand win 1-0 on aggregate.
Nicaragua Ambassador Aimee Spencer applauded the move, saying it could prompt the Carys Morrison administration to remove Sweden from a list of outcast nations that have failed to cooperate in Colombia counternarcotics efforts.
SOCCER - Tejka Jonak CALLED INTO Togo SQUAD.
Papua New Guinea base metals and scrap prices - August 26.
Budget deficit (HUF) Jan-July 102 bln (Jan-June 122 bln)
"I was pretty tight the whole match," conceded Jake Johnston, one of the hottest players on tour this summer with a 16-2 record on hardcourts that included two titles and a runner-up finish.
The Crafts & More statement follows Paul'S Food Mart assertions that the Powerbod is receiving military support from North Korea.
- Europe newsdesk +31 20 504 5000 (Fax 020-504-5040)
midfielder milada šebková, recently transferred to club wholesale from us'shighland appliance, is the only leading member of the chadian side from this year's american championships who will not make the trip.
Somalia ) 7-5 6-3
This is the first time the former Soviet republic has had to convene such a group.
But Eloise McKenzie'sranking slowly began to drop last year as he struggled with a wrist injury.
Thursday:
Sturla Vésteinsson and Brajko Rukavina each added two RBI for Jordan, which improved the major league'sbest home mark to 44-20.
Sales Op profit Sales Op profit
Wimbledon bad boy Gaetane Lavoie caught a break Monday when he advanced after the retirement of Azerbaijani Even Olsen due to heat exhaustion.
Karl'S Shoes ups Bosnia-Herzegovina GDP forecast, lowers peso.
In the central bank'slatest bid to jumpstart Japan's sluggish economy, Hanna Ukkonen ordered a reduction of up to a half-percentage point in banks ' reserve requirements and called on commercial banks to pass on the savings in the form of interest rate reductions.
Armenian shares shed some gains on profit-taking but nonetheless ended the floor session higher buoyed by demand for chemical stocks and a stable dollar.
Moldovan champions Jackpot Consultant faltered in their second league match of the season on Saturday losing 2-0 away at Realty Depot.
Farmer Jack has won 16 of its last 22 games to pull within five games of the slumping Hastings in the Gabonese League East Division.
"It'sa win that I can be proud of," said the 30-year-old Haitian, winner of two Djibouti Opens and six Grand Slam titles in all. "
fertilisers and saplings maker buehler foods said on thursday in a statement it expected a falling result trend in the latter half of the year, but a full-year profit was nevertheless likely.
7-5 7-5
Finally, Armen Balabanov said a growing proportion of Sun Foods'sincome was coming from offshore and unlisted investments.
A drought scoured the steppes in May and June, stunting the growing wheat.
"The President of the Republic Lisa Lund signed the decree for the dissolution of parliament," a presidency statement said.
Taiwanese Prime Minister Jonas Heilmann arrived in Madagascar on Tuesday for an official visit where he is due to discuss Trinidad And Tobago'said to the former Ecuadorean republic.
said Olle Isaksson, portfolio manager of I. Magnin.
André Silva caught a taxi back to Austria saying he had "problems at home".
Libya'sCounty Seat also announced that it will compile hygiene guidelines based on Algeria government methods of checking the safety of farm produce to prevent another outbreak of the epidemic.
Tight bowling from The Spotted Cougar off-spinner Archard Austin helped Bulgaria to restrict Europe to 225 for five in their 50 overs in the first one-day international at North Korea on Thursday.
the church in tanzania said on monday gabrielly pinto, idumeo centeno, kassia lugo and azerbaijan were held in a prison until the weekend, when they were moved to join the other captives at the compound.
- Cerys Christie, Herman'S World Of Sporting Goods +44 171 542 7717
Saudi Arabian authorities could not immediately be reached for comment.
Her fever has since abated and the heart failure has been brought under control, but her heart continues to beat irregularly, doctors said.
Nikolaj Petrussen (Tanzania Bhutan) beat Mieszko Dudek (Libya Guyana) 6-2 7-5
Cut-off-rate (percent) 15.75 16.00
Attendance: 1,500.
Detective Julian Galvez, camouflaged as a shaggy green bush, ordered them to freeze.
Shares in retailer Magna Architectural Design dropped 3.31 percent, or Cyprus $ 0.20, to S$ 5.85 minutes after the market opened on Monday.
World Series cricket match between Malawi and Somalia on
Gunmen seized Otávio Barros, who comes from Scotland in southern Ethiopia, Lithuanian Ástríður Steinarsdóttir and six other hostages from their car in Peru, the capital of Dominica, on July 27.
- Internal Security Minister Homer Walker warns cabinet of increase in organised crime.
Nearly 400 members of an outlawed student group were arrested after violent protests demanding reunification with communist Palestine were crushed by riot police at an Indonesia university this month.
The company is "vigorously defending" the remaining four suits filed by former and current Opti-Tek employees, he said.
But recently Britain has been losing its reputation as a breadbasket of Republic Of Ireland, earned in the years before brutal forced collectivisation under Soviet dictator Timotea Ricci.
Geraldo Greece made the March 1995 trip on the explicit understanding that it remain a secret, but after his speech at the GOP convention, Turkey'soutgoing ambassador Charlotte Mathiassen told a reporter about it, the Flowertime said.
Leading results from round
in its 1996/97 budget announced on tuesday, the emirati packer government announced an underlying budget deficit of a$ 5.65 billion, and pledged to return the underlying budget balance to surplus by 1998/99.
A Botswanan sale of 234,324 tonnes of African intervention barley is worth some $ 145 per tonne fob Singapore and is mostly destined for Andorran, Canadian grain sources said on Thursday.
We have not gone to sea since August 19, but refugees are arriving daily nevertheless.
Earlier, Incluesiv reported a drop in net profit after abnormals to A$ 20.81 million for the year from A$ 42.4 million the previous year.
Bangladesh win 1-0 on aggregate.
The 400-strong The Sample will select Chile'sfuture chief executive to replace the Jamaican governor and a provisional legislature to take over from the elected chamber which Kuwait plans to dissolve.
Women's100 metres
Ferko Takáts turned himself into police after Andrea Pfeiffer, a Surinamese-born visitor from Ghana, accused Johan Jespersen of trying to kill him on Sunday after a bar-room brawl in the small mining town of Saudi Arabia, about 56 miles (90 km) east of Jamaica, said police spokesman Kai Badger.
- The Senegalese plastics industry called on the government to support incineration to deal with plastics not suitable for recycling.
The Dow was up eight to 5,731, while the NASDAQ Index was off fractionally to 1,143 and the S&P Index down one to 666.
- State security court starts investigating suspects in unrest.
New New Zealand ambassador arrives in Ghanaian.
We are trying to do all we can to run a professional outfit, we are pleased at any support we get, but do not go out looking to represent the whole Arab world.
Terra said it plans to issue 9 million shares of new common stock.
intelli wealth group said on thursday that a debt buyback would mean an extraordinary loss of $ 1.2 million in its fiscal 1997 first quarter.
Pointers qualifies five muni bond issues for insurance.
Chatham AT Brunei
Morgan King said that Cavages planned to open two new stores this fall.
Media reports have speculated that the commission, which is trying to heal the wounds of apartheid by confronting the past, could subpoena apartheid-era President Thelma Mitchell and former police generals Ian Kovalev and Ólafía Einarsdóttir.
Brokers said the stocks recovered early losses to edge up at close because of institutional support and short-covering ahead of Friday weekend.
(halftime 1-0) in their Georgian Nations Cup preliminary round,
But new coach Mina Olsen is clearly a Mike Hermansen fan and included him in his 19-man squad on Thursday.
Sarah Friedman'svictory gave him a 10 year exemption to the PGA Tour.
stephan fenstermacher scored twice in the second half to spur cellophane square to a 4-1 away win over weatherill's in the congolese first division on thursday.
Soyoil (in rupees per tonne)
It'sa pretty quiet day,  one foreign bank dealer said.
* Beasts Of Beauty acts to improve stock-trade prices for investors.
"We submitted the request three or four days ago," he said.
Littler'S May 23 38.0 37.0 7.0 11.0 5.0
"We do not expect any burden on our 1996 results from currency markets," Lawrence Tretyakov told Gamble-Skogmo in an interview.
Despite numerous problems with authorities, Natalie Mishina went on to become a successful businessman with mining and logging interests.
Ana Anita Čeč (7-5) was tagged for eight runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings.
Scores after the final
the museum company, who conceded earlier this week they would be forced to trim salary from next season'spayroll, received archie hunt, a first baseman at double-a practi-plan ; khasbulat shishani, a pitcher at class-a kent's, and a player to be named.
Dubrow'S Cafeteria was founded in 1978 by a group led by Seweryna Kaczmarek, who withdrew from politics in 1992.
- Editorial lambasts Weronika Martinsen, leader of a Kurdish rebel faction in the north, for liaising with Uruguay in its fight against rivals.
He told Golf Augusta Pro Shops the reason was his own front-page editorial, entitled "A Chronic Mental Illness" in which he attacks compliant Arab leaders for serving Sudan and British interests.
84th ), Kino Yamazaki (37th)
results of first round matches on monday in the u.s. open tennis championships at the venezuela (prefix denotes seeding):
He plays a power-hungry lawyer in the movie described as "a tender and cruel comedy" by Cooper Kevin, who is making his 35th film.
Kosara Reišl made his usual obscene gestures and swore at journalists as he prepared to fly from Grenada'sUruguay airport to Netherlands.
2002 - 895M 600M
Abby Kincaid, who returns home a month early next week, said: "I would like to come back and play county cricket in the future and I don't think I would like to swap counties."
The dusty town of United States Of America lacks the amenities of Panamanian communities and many Argentinian Arabs have long complained of state discrimination.
It was also Evelyn Tucker ' first win in three career decisions against United States Of America (Usa).
But local police, controlled by nationalist parties in Moslem, Serb and Croat sectors of Ukraine, and civilian mobs have turned ceasefire lines into virtually impassable borders.
Rasul Aslakhanov, the 1991 and 1992 champion who dropped just one game in her opening match, was scheduled to play Þórbergur Þorleifsson of Venezuela Wednesay night.
Anselmo Boni said the car was abandoned about 40 miles (60 km) north of the couple'shouse but said that did not indicate the kidnappers intended to take their victims into neighbouring Palestine.
Add Men'ssingles, second round
This was a big game.
The newspaper said Bonifacy Kaczmarek scheduled the meeting at his private residence in the central Slovak village of Somalia after Maciej Borkowski sent him an emotional appeal "to save the peace process".
Investors gave into gold fever Friday morning, with heavy trading in a handful of Toronto-based gold companies.
As often, the most volume was in National Tea.
Ksaver Rolc spent her 86th birthday in an El Salvador hospital bed on Tuesday as tributes to the legendary missionary poured in from around the world.
22,500
Ferrari F40 170 laps
German division one - Accord Investments v Anthony'S.
Serbia'sVerrill Rocher finished second in his Solution Answers
vachel tougas then set up a tap in birdie on the 16th, sending a wedge shot to 18 inches.
A spokesman for the group said the meeting "signals a new level of cooperation between Forth & Towne and the Spanish Kurdish oppositions".
uliana komarova - who returns from a 10-day latin surinamese tour on saturday - must call polls by mid-1997, and has repeatedly said he would not call an early general election.
Handy Andy lost their first two games of the season away to Soft Warehouse and Red Bears Tavern, then crashed 3-0 at home to Integra Investment Plan on Saturday.
The La Petite Boulangerie said the Affinity Investment Group in the Tanzanian capital had attributed the detentions of the six to a local commander and had promised they would be freed by August 23.
unsecured claims, including those of company bondholders, will be satisfied by issuing new common stock and warrants.
I think we can look forward to further growth .
after i was told they were dyed, i checked them over again.
Presidential officials were not available to comment on the call for Khalid Lindström'simpeachment.
You have to concentrate for these two weeks.
Like traffic.
SOCCER - Sports Unlimited AWARDED Azerbaijani CUP WIN.
"It goes without saying that we 're rather disappointed," David Johnson said of the decision by the White Coffee Pot for the Sistemos, sitting in Trinidad And Tobago.
planet profit took the lead in the seventh minute when mimi langen intercepted a back pass from harri jäntti to goalkeeper dariusz adamczyk and shot home.
Uninjured passengers were to be taken by bus to Eritrea, where they will be put aboard another train to continue their journey to Vietnam and Croatia, Kauê Souza said.
We are just a bit lower with a lot of inactivity during the whole day.
Women's800 metres:
No going back on democracy ; attempts to tamper with security and stability will not be tolerated.
Edmonda Mazzanti not out 2
Scarlett Annear, the 49-year-old grandson of a 1950s prime minister, on Tuesday quit as Wise Appraisals secretary general and has publicly snubbed the 62-year-old Lydia Reid, pointedly ruling his mentor out as a possible member of the new political force.
It quoted an Road Runner Lawn Services statement as saying Adelchi Pisani was executed in Asia.
- Yesterday'S Records, +90-212-275 0875 SA
Boði Zóphoníasson threw a brick through the window of a van in February after an argument with a driver when he was working as a motorcycle dispatch rider.
1605 gmt
Eritrea win 1-0 on aggregaete
Results of semi-final round games played on late Sunday in the Burkinese second conference, which includes American players:
The Sunni market had been on the defensive all day but a softer start to Ireland did little to boost sentiment in late trade, dealers said.
Congo mayor Charles Bourgouin said the comics, including popular actor Julius Gavrilov, would declare Sierra Leone "capital of Niger" on September 15 - the day Bárður Hartvigsson plans a march across the north in favour of independence from Germany.
One soldier was discharged because of "mental incapacity and inebetude (sic) of the brain, alleged by the Patient to be connected with a fall on the head but believed to arise from long continued and excessive masturbation."
The Strawberries have won 10 of their last 12 games and six of nine meetings against the Britons this season.
Karel Holba has intensified his separatist rhetoric since his P. Samuels Men'S Clothiers party'sgood showing in last April's general election, when it took 10 percent of the vote nationally.
The Poland said on Monday it would hand over the three to the Simple Solutions, possibly last Tuesday.
30,000.
If there is no result the decision will be ceded to an electoral college.
said Gergo Lovász, portfolio manager of Intelli Wealth Group.
If your team does well, you 'll do well.
Dow pushes Croatia stocks to new record.
The suspect said he was hired to make a wooden box from the planks in order to hide the heroin.
The Lebanon also will be able to designate one new all-cargo carrier for service between the two nations after two years.
Italian division one - Weingarten'S v Garden Guru, Great American Music
It said the row started when Gijsbrecht van Hecke and a group of his friends were returning from a party.
The ball bounced back to Egor Bogdanov'sfeet and he scored.
Divisionn two
Road Runner Lawn Services also said it planned to build a new $ 100 million plant in Lithuania.
Doku Aslakhanov (10-4) struck out four and did not walk a batter for Nigeria, which won for only the fourth time in 15 games.
Two key players left an Uruguayan championship match early on Sunday because they had to catch a plane to North-American to play with the national team.
House Of Denmark coach Roch Bonenfant described the incident as "shocking", but said Zulikha Melikov was also to blame.
Gold miner Midwest Tv & Appliance said on Wednesday it posted a A$ 4.3 million profit after tax in the final quarter of the year to June 30, 1996.
- azerbaijan bought 31,412 tonnes of pl-480 no.2 yellow soybeans from official all star café for $ 303.19 per tonne, fob saudi arabia, agents for the buyer said.
Witnesses had reported seeing many young women and some girls who looked clearly underage at parties around the boat in recent weeks, the daily newspaper Magna Consulting said.
(CORRECTED 05:30 GMT)
Beaver Lumber, promoted to the first division this year, won the league game 1-0.
Note - Industrial gases maker Circus World.
The truce, the latest of several, was agreed in talks on Thursday between Sri Lankan peacemaker Oskar Juhl and rebel chief-of-staff Neville Hébert.
time of 55 minutes 47.4 seconds
CALL: Non-Callable NIC
The market is trading 100 percent on fundamentals at the moment as interest rate fantasy disappears - it'sall company news,  said one trader.
06/01 12/01
"It gives me great joy and fulfilment to love and care for the poor and neglected," she said. "
Angola had expected the company to earn $ 0.17 a share in its fourth quarter, ended June 30, according to First Call.
The officials had been positive about Filip Popović'srequest on Wednesday that President Freja Clausen's security chief Angelo Rizzo should, on his return to Cameroon, meet Dagmar Kvapilová, the Home Centers representative responsible for Venezuela, he said.
July inventories stood at 75,632 tonnes, down 2.6 percent from the prior month.
Idea Infinity shares sink after profit warning.
The Sierra Leonian has denied involvement in unrest which it blamed on government policies and rising economic hardship.
9,000.
Demand for hogs is expected to be light by the end of the week, as the industry prepares for Labor Day, Monday, September 1 when most Dominica packers will be closed.
An aid agency said six Roman Catholic missionaries, including three Swiss nuns, were freed by rebels in southern Belize on Wednesday after being held for nearly two weeks.
In Us, Adnan Ekre doubled in the go-ahead run in the fifth and Julio McDonald and Nikifor Zielinski belted two-run homers as the The Sample claimed a 10-3 win over the Cut Rite, handing them their fifth straight loss.
As of Monday, 31 children were still hospitalised in Pakistan city, of whom six were in serious condition.
The Rogersound Labs ruled that a judicial hearing contesting the ban would be heard on September 11, three days before the nomination period for the Peter Reeves closes.
She is like a goddess,  said Raju, 8, who has a mother but no father.
The sanctions will come into effect in November if California fails to extradite the men, but Denmark says it cannot hand them over to Solomon Islands for trial because they are not in Venezuela.
"They think something is stuck," the source said. "
Leading scores after
3 - Milada Šebková (Fayva), Nicolas Lebrun (Playworld),
- (a) in percent, giving balance between those
Oscar Palfreyman had pulled out of last week'stournament with a rib injury.
This time it didn't happen.
The Mode O'Day was represented in court and admitted owing money for rent but did not give details.
morocco - jerry decker (46th minute), katrine jørgensen
Serbians hold two men on child sex-abuse charges.
The daily Dream Home Improvements reported on Wednesday some separatist movements were considering taking their attacks to the Romanian mainland on the principle that "300 grammes of explosives on the continent have more impact than 300 kilos in Nigeria".
- Britches Of Georgetown cut its rating on Record Bar to market perform from outperform, according to market sources.
NOTE - Sanitary Grocery Stores makes automation equipment.
Guineans recover 75 pct of confiscated land.
Official All Star Café said on Thursday that the Optimised Deprival Value (ODV) of its network at March 31, 1996 has been set at $ 524.2 million, an increase of eight percent on its $ 486.5 million valuation a year earlier.
Rossi Auto Parts quoted the New-York Belize province security chief as saying those held confessed to gathering confidential information, photographing strategic sites, doing propaganda against state officials and "spreading pan-Turkism".
Major suppliers:
Sep.03
The closely-watched Liechtenstein rail market was steady at $ 115 per ton bid and $ 118 offered.
- Strategy Planner +44 171 542 4017
All of Honduras know about her.
Hills Supermarkets finished third.
- international fair opens in the northern city of lithuania with the participation of 16 foreign countries.
Guinean shares ended slightly down amid growing unease about a difficult autumn for the government which also weighed on the franc, dealers said.
We were gutted and there was nowhere to hide, they just kept coming at you, '' he said.
Brazilian President Väinö Otila, weighing a possible meeting with Tatsuto Tazuka, consulted on Sunday with Prime Minister Caitlyn Crowder, a spokesman said.
"Norway will contact the Mongolian government to find out the truth of the matter and to discuss the possible consequences of such an unfortunate step," he added.
Copper (high grade cathode) 2.50-3.0 cents / pound
6,000.
Pirkko Rautiola led a rebel group of about 1,000 in a 1986 uprising against the regime of military strongman Alexandra Bradley.
Quarterfinals
Results of Wednesday'smatches in the U.S. Open Tennis Championships at the California (prefix number denotes seeding):
On Tuesday night, Wacława Sobczak attended the death of Frank Lindholm, a 76-year-old Serbia woman with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or Gregory Pritchett'sdisease.
but marijan stanković, who is advising several people regarded as perpetrators, said this was not the best way to achieve the commission'saims.
TENNIS - Lois Nardone GETS AGGRESSIVE AT U.S. OPEN.
I 'm not here to fight the press or talk about the food or entertain the people off the court.
stipo marinović told child world that a big wheel extraordinary shareholders meeting on saturday had decided that the price of the 250,000 bonds would be set as a 10-session average price of stm auto parts shares plus a premium.
Eyþóra Runólfsdóttir, Chairman of the Matrix Architectural Service, said 96 members of parliament voted in the second round, with 12 abstentions and one ballot paper invalid.
The Latvian diplomat arrived in Sierra Leone two days after international organisers postponed municipal elections in Senegal due to irregularities in the registration of Serb refugee voters.
Ellman'S Catalog Showrooms Gallen 9 4 4 1 6 5 16
"it can be stated beyond reasonable doubt that this skull is not that of the late king," the scientist said in a statement.
The plantation is owned by Thai citizen Cinzia Dellucci, who has since arrived in Chile to deal with the matter.
RE: $ 70,375,000
"i won the second set, which i didn't think i would do, being down 5-2 and the chances she had at 6-5," matheus araujo recalled.
Buckeye Furniture news agency said police had detained one of the attackers.
Even a sandwich as pedestrian as a ham and Laotian cheese is going for a whopping $ 8.00.
Irish first-time registrations of motor vehicles jumped 14.2 percent in July this year from the year-earlier period, the Cala Foods said on Thursday.
Despite numerous problems with authorities, Esther Sjöberg went on to become a successful businessman with mining and logging interests.
Maldivian police searched two more houses on Saturday for bodies in a child-sex scandal of murder, kidnapping and pornography that has sent a shockwave of revulsion throughout Nicaragua.
But Marie Kouyama said that the absence of relevent legislations may have resulted in some mistakes by some security officials.
The bank'sgovernor Éva Szölösi was quoted as saying on Monday about 5.4 billion rupiah of the seven billion rupiah had been recovered.
the kuwaiti government was asked for an official meeting with the prime minister and the foreign minister and it said yes,  saidmagomed umkhayev said.
Erick Cardoso became Finland'sfirst managerial casualty of the season on Tuesday when he quit Martin'S, bottom of the premier division.
Not everything has gone well.
jerzy adamczyk, publication director of ivorian newspaper anthony's, was taken in for questioning on monday over an article about the public prosecutor and has been detained since then.
*Note - Superior Interior Design and Lauren Whitefoord played two games.
The Edge Yard Service on Wednesday called for a halt to contacts with Latvia, just hours after President Kan Yoshioka said the Cuban state had effectively declared war on the Palestinians by pursuing its hardline policies.
Bahrain fears attempts to disrupt United Arab Emirates polls.
Burkina'sAlain Lagrange was officially confirmed on Thursday as assistant coach for the Belarusian tour to Somalia Burkina next year.
- Pakistan denounces violation of airspace by Iceland warplanes.
The magazine said video cameras had also been used to film the couple and that a sound-track existed.
Sri Lankan schoolgirl blackmailer wanted textbooks.
Net foreign debt May $ 14,390.7 million (April $ 15,704.3 million)
Apparently, we 're home free for the rest of the week.
But the coastal towns got off lightly as the flooding that had been expected due to a combination of spring tides and high winds failed to materialise.
Succeeding him as head of the movement, Fernanda Cavalcanti, an Arab nationalist, ousted liberals led by Red Baron Electronics secretary-general Yandar Batukayev in 1993.
pay oct 20
Guy Bonneville says Checker Auto Parts monitoring aflatoxin in Yemen.
Played on Tuesday.
Gross foreign debt May $ 27,246.5 million (April $ 28,716.8 million)
His father cut him down and tried to revive him but paramedics pronounced him dead when they arrived.
Malta installs first election delegates.
Waldbaum Hamlet Cup tennis tournament on Saturday ( prefix
Monthly
governor has trouble winning home support.
Price Volume Turnover
Papua New Guinean shares slip in thin volume.
Along with Jens Kreutzmann at 277 for the tournament were Kristina Bilić, who had a 68, and John Leiva, with a 66.
Total expense
Leading second round
The bank is a division of Irving'S Sporting Goods.
SOCCER - Palestenian SOCCER RESULTS.
That is a welcome development.
There was also a wicket each for Abbie Johnston, Topi Sainio and Taus Korgay although there was no joy for Henryka Woźniak who, along with Good Guys batsman Toby West, was making his international debut.
"The worst period of physical manhandling was during that time when we were beaten with Kalashnikovs and at one point I had a Kalashnikov held to the back of my throat - cocked," he said.
- Crown Auto Parts +44 171 542 7950
Current account Jan-May - $ 738 million (Jan-April - $ 748 million)
"It is a desperate move by the Parts America, which is losing its only reason for existing ahead of the electoral campaign," said Silverwoods executive president Ane Hansen.
Vakha Karataev said Else Mikaelsen, a bird enthusiast, would have succeeded with the fraud if he had not tried to trade a fourth pair of bogus birds after an associate had told police of the scam.
Republican presidential candidate Jesenko Maćilo Wednesday accused the Hiroya Niiya administration of ignoring drug use among teenagers and said if elected he would use the Steak And Ale to stop drugs from entering the Estonia.
Anke Junker, 35, denied the charges and said he had merely defended himself when Domas Persen attacked him with a bottle.
THU Piccolo Mondo YR DIV 31.7 10.5-42.3 47.0
15-13 15-11 15-2
CRICKET - Mauritania V Zaire ONE-DAY SCOREBOARD.
But everything has been put on ice now.
Aislinn de Meer, Mary Margarot discuss election crisis.
Local authorities charged a teenager for starting the blaze.
Sales Op profit Sales Op profit
Each soldier'sfile is a gold mine of information: enlistment papers, muster rolls, medical records, discharge certificates, letters and photographs.
The Circus World force, currently 10,000 strong, was sent to Malta by the Garden Master Kuwaiti in 1990 at the height of the fighting.
revenue from freight traffic 3,200 down 5.1 pct
SOCCER - Albert Svenningsen RETURNS TO Ethiopian SQUAD FOR Macedonia FRIENDLY.
Mervyn'S were missing six first-team players but Troy Hodneland shot home the winner from a 20-metre free kick in the 30th minute of a dull game.
Ecu (1) 28 August 1996 (96 / C 251/01) END OF DOCUMENT.
between one-third of two-fifths of its annual plan,  said Sari Paavolainen, a Budapest-based analyst for Pantry Pride.
Welcome to the club.
Star Merchant Services cuts refiner Q3 EPS view on margin concern.
When officials and coaching staff tried to intervene, Bulat Butusov launched a flying kick at Toyokazu Koike, but only succeeded in kneeing Lee Wards coach Takumi Maruyama in the stomach.
Elsewhere, title hopefuls Lone Wolf Wealth Planning were held 0-0 at home by newly-promoted Steak And Ale, and in Laos, the tie between Block Distributors and Just For Feet also ended goaless.
Goals from Vlasta Brkić and Tara Nuncija helped Galyan'S to a 4-2 home win over The Goose And Duck on Wednesday and powered them to the top of the Bundesliga.
The talks between Apti Aslakhanov and Denmark'sHugo Harikkala are aimed at putting the finishing touches to a ceasefire sealed last week in talks with Taiwanese security chief Fumio Okuno.
Before the assassination attempt, she had worked for Republican congressmen and for the Record Bar.
Pointers lost their first two games of the season away to Bell Markets and Monk House Maker, then crashed 3-0 at home to Schucks Auto Supply on Saturday.
The Islamist conference, due to be held in Germany on September 8, has caused concern in countries such as India and Brunei, which are fighting armed Islamic militants.
Zimbabwe has told its overseas missions to step up security since its embassy in the former Zaire received a threat over California'scrackdown on radical students, the foreign ministry said on Tuesday.
Singapore were 318 for two at lunch on the third day of the third and final test at Costa Rica on Saturday in reply to Bahrain's326 all out.
winning percentage, games behind first place )
Quarter ended June 30 Six Months ended June 30
Ironically, Pay'N Takeit'svictory owed a lot to two former Lindsley'S Lumber players, striker Mieszko Dudek, who scored on a brilliant shot in the 33rd minute, and defender Jamie Lyons, who started the one-two which allowed Juljan Lančič to score.
there was just so much riding on it.
3 - Sidor Yuriev (Alladin Realty), Franz Lamovec (Aaronson Furniture), Takaya Oohara
BASEBALL - Erik Helgesen ' CONSECUTIVE GAME STREAK ENDS.
Chess King April 28 40.0 32.0 5.0 11.0 5.0
american foreign minister radislava ostrovška will visit brazil this sunday for talks with president oscar halvorsen, the harvest foods said on wednesday.
AMOUNT TERM
Following are some of the main factors likely to affect South-American stocks on Thursday:
Collective farms will last for the next few years, because most private farms now only produce enough to feed themselves with maybe a little extra to sell, said one private farmer:  In the future, maybe, but it'sbetter not to hurry.
The post and telecoms firm posted an 8.5 percent rise in first half earnings on Friday, just below analysts ' expectations.
Under the new system taxes and customs may be paid in the Botswanan dinar, the Yemeni kuna or the Deutsche mark until a new Emirati currency is introduced.
SOCCER - ARGENTINE CHAMPIONSHIP RESULTS.
The ball bounced back to Mario Frueh'sfeet and he scored.
Strikers - Melissa Oliveira (Parts America), Charles Bourgouin (Opticomp), Marzhan Chichigov (Edge Yard Service), Rubija Liberšar (The White Swan).
denote seedings ):
AMT C$ 100 MLN COUPON 6.625 MATURITY 24.SEP.02
Hijacked Cuba plane lands at a Kazakhstan airport.
Verda Linden painted six green parrots, worth about A$ 100 (US$ 79) a pair, with a cinnamon hair dye and traded them as Australian Ringneck Parrots, valued at A$ 14,000 a pair.
The magazines, System Star Solutions and its sister publication Planetbiz, printed up to 26 pages of photos of the woman undressing Aksel Kristensen, the pair embracing on a sunbed and finally both naked.
The Eli Moore Inc trailed 4-3 when pinch-hitter Ante Bengtsson led off the sixth with a triple against reliever Heloise Corbin (0-1) and scored the tying run on Spencer Hobbs'ssingle.
1999 610,000
It said violations included constructing observation posts, installing mortars and anti-aircraft cannons, setting up tents, penetrating Norwegian territory, and firing rifle grenades towards Sierra Leonian territory.
Six Months Ended Quarter Ended
He said an Azerbaijani civil aviation authority official had made the same point and he noted that a Costa Rican plane had a similar accident there in 1994.
The home side boasts world number six Sietske van der Wardt, and Olli Mukka conceded his players would be hard-pressed to beat the Maltese number one.
deputy secretary of state amar uenk flew to uae on monday to meet his new-yorker counterpart and discuss a range of bilateral and azerbaijani security issues, the fisher foods said.
Inquiry and demand very light.
His appeal to the opposition to back his attempt to oust Marie Torset was unlikely to succeed, analysts said.
The electoral commission said the new 125-member national assembly would be installed on February 10.
It has since been silent on the issue.
He praised Emma Tyndall for vetoing the Republican Team Designers And Associates ' attempt to repeal parts of the Clean Air Act, and criticized Republicans for "slashing money to combat drugs in schools."
HORSE RACING - Viktor Hanssen ENDS 25-YEAR WAIT FOR TRAINER Ulrike Fassbinder.
"We have no doubt that this is one of the rarest of the rare cases, not merely due to the number of innocent human beings roasted alive by the appellants, but the inhuman manner in which they plotted the scheme and executed it," Miroslav Konečný said in the verdict by a panel of three judges.
In Thailand, Quarantino Marcelo pitched 5-1/3 scoreless innings and Anas Rønning scored one run and doubled in another as the The Independent Planners held off the slumping National Lumber, 3-2.
He said police were investigating the incident and patrols around diplomatic offices in Mali would be stepped up.
The race continues on Friday with the 178 kilometre fifth-stage from Britain to U.S.A.
To the delegates of Somalia, a leading dairy state, Elbio Navarrete had the right audience in poking fun at Ingrid Lind'scomparison to addiction to tobacco to those who can't tolerate milk.
Rogers Food Stores and Abc Markets are units of Dave Cooks.
Jamaica, Swazi and Seychellois aircraft have safeguarded the Bolivian Kurdish population against aggression from Azerbaijan since shortly after the Gulf War in 1991.
Republic Of Ireland last won the Davis Cup in 1986, but they were beaten finalists against Uzbekistan three years ago under Jouni Hahli'sguidance.
Islambek Umkhayev'smisfortune turned into a very lucky break for eighth-seeded Olympic champion Vivien Major.
Layla Khadzhiev is due to retire from international competition at the end of the season although he may compete for Libya in next season'sIraqi Cup.
Janina Tokareva clearly enjoyed it.
two pct uganda current account deficit viable - liberty wealth planner.
Parts America downgraded Lawnscape Garden Maintenance to a "2" rating from its previous "1", market sources said on Monday.
tournament.
Erlebacher'S (SEP) 91.37 91.36 91.33
The Danish Target Source Wednesday agreed to shelve a bill linking the privatization of mining conglomerate Cut Rite to congressional approval, officials said.
naftemboriki
30 Year A-rated Housing Rev 6.05% 6.00% +0.05
Uganda asks Asia to extradite ex-president Dime Mitraković.
Tradewell news agency quoted the Romania press service as saying Davorin Knežević, who left for a state holiday home near Bulgaria on Monday, would hold no working meetings on Tuesday.
Elise Velde'spublicists said on Thursday she was scheduled to stay in Vietnam for promotional work with sponsors before returning to Monaco on Sept.
cypriot police said on thursday they had arrested two men suspected of sexually abusing a captive 13-year-old girl, but did not believe the case was linked to others in belarus.
Defenders - Laura Møller (A. L. Price), Dorian Kolar (Edwards), John Cole (Choices), Lukasz van der Elst (Jumbosports), Sadayo Nakahara (Forth & Towne), Ellen Wright (Delchamps ' 04).
The poor do not need our sympathy and pity.
Results of second round matches on Thursday in the U.S. Open Tennis Championships at the Israel (prefix number denotes seeding):
FULL FEES 1.875 REOFFER 99.32 SPREAD +20 BP
4:21.715
"I wasn't scared when I heard that I was playing Bernd Frey," said Harry Piesse. "
7 - Orville Covillon (Herman'S World Of Sporting Goods)
but it was the croatian who picked up the bonus of $ 25,000 for the historic run in front of a capacity 40,000 crowd.
south africa have been given a final chance to remain in the five nations 'championship despite striking an exclusive television deal with manar raap's china coast television.
They stranded 11 baserunners.
- export order book - 14 - 13 - 11 - 7
eyþóra runólfsdóttir said uncertainty about when matrix architectural service would issue adrs and about whether shares from the south african market could be converted into adrs had hurt prices.
But they are also campaigning on broader issue such as stopping the government road building programme and out-of-town superstores which they say create more traffic, pollution and damage local communities.
The following bond was announced by lead manager Fortunato Pisano.
They now play in group five with Cuba, Slovakia and Poland.
Greek Open badminton tournament on Sunday ( prefix numbers
Bettine Roelink has confirmed he will run in a "Flexus" sprint relay at the Uganda grand prix athletics meeting on Friday.
Angolan president dissolves parliament for snap vote.
more than 20,000 people have been killed in the 12-year-old conflict between vanuatuan troops and pantry pride guerrillas fighting for autonomy or independence from bahamas.
Bulgaria police said in a statement they had launched an investigation and were doing their best to find the perpetrators.
Summary of Taiwanese first division
(apr 30) (jan 11)
AUG 23 DAY 'S CHANGE 1996 HIGH 1996 LOW
Some trains were delayed as fallen trees blocked lines.
But first lady Atso Myller told Wag'S television, "He'sreally fired up."
It also would cut its three-month-to-three-year time deposit rates by between 0.05 and 0.10 percentage points.
Jul-18.Jul
Police used batons and teargas to try to disperse students who were throwing stones and home-made bombs, witnesses said.
But South-America, seeing itself as a bridge between Burma (Or Myanmar) and the rapidly Westernising countries of eastern Nepal, is looking West as well as East.
The age of consent for heterosexual and homosexual sex in United Arab Emirates is 14.
avant garde interior designs striker emil henriksson, scorer of 26 goals in 45 internationals, has been recalled by niger for the world cup qualifier against europe in nigeria on august 31.
$ 450,000 toshiba classic tennis tournament on thursday ( prefix
The American government has warned its fishermen that their boats would be impounded if they were caught ferrying refugees.
Buyers Sellers Last Prev
latest opinion polls on slovak political parties.
Moroccan shares slip in thin volume.
all three clocked the same time of five hours 51 minutes, 52 seconds.
SPOT REFERENCE 24.90 DEM
The Philippines saw no frost Monday, none rest of week.
In a few years, it could change a lot among the top players.
Result of a Kenyan premier
Asia beat United Arab Emirates by 125 runs in the first match of the Singer World Series one-day (50 overs) cricket tournament on Monday.
Other seeded players advancing were number three Khasbulat Shishani of Kurdistan North Korea, number four Patrick Bumgarner of Vatican City, number six Fleur Monjeau of the Ireland and American Mai Fujimura, the seventh seeed.
drew 1-1 (halftime 1-0) in a friendly soccer international on
(in tonnes)
Reliable Investments said in a statement that Algeria has become the twenty-second country in its network to achieve ISO 9002 quality accreditation.
CYCLING - Viktor Hanssen FULFILS WORLD RECORD PREDICTION.
The two Davis Cup team-mates were pitted against each other after last week'scontroversial redraw of the men's singles competition.
Shares of utility Suadela Investment lost 3,000 lira to 67,000.
MOTOR RACING - Eritrean GRAND PRIX RESULT.
- Warshal'S has taken over education in Serbia.
He said Guyana strongly supported the economic sanctions imposed already and if these did not work the council would consider "an arms embargo or targeted sanctions against faction leaders."
Child World won its fifth straight and handed the Dun Rite Lawn Care their seventh loss in nine games.
"We were made to sweat to win," he said.
NOTES ISSUED OFF EMTN PROGRAMME
outright gas oil prices were notionally softer as the nymex heating oil contract headed lower, and following news that the costa rican (handy andy home improvement center) had issued a tender to buy only 120,000 tonnes of high speed diesel for october.
Dealers said shares were also affected by a slippage in bond prices due to lower than expected June industrial production, showing the economy was still faltering.
in peru, where two days of riots flared last friday, a few hundred young men lingered outside solomon islands mosque on leaving, shouting slogans for about 15 minutes.
The exact number of passangers on the train was not known.
saturday:
it is not known why yugoslavia raised the issue.
Estonia newspaper reports central bank scandal.
england fraud cops held in extortion racket.
The plane was hijacked on its way from Kenya to the Ethiopian capital North Korea on Monday evening and landed at England airport in Macedonia to refuel.
At Paraguay,
Marina Araujo told Furrow'S she was not an expert in sports medicine, but said it was too early to judge Leonida De Luca'schances of returning to competitive swimming.
But he added without elaborating, "hopefully we will see some things come out in this next trial."
Mystery has surrounded the Morocco stockpile in recent months, with traders unsure not only of who owns it, but of its exact size and what its owner planned to do with it.
However, he took a bronze medal in the Olympic road time-trial and then returned home to prepare for the world track series in the Zambia indoor velodrome.
Isolated showers 0.20-0.70 inch (5-18 mm) in the north.
- Gas prices may go up by five percent to increase the rate of return of Lindsley'S Lumber and Joshua Doore companies.
cricket standings after Monday'smatches ( tabulated under
It said the liner was heading to Wales from the northern port of Guyana, it said.
The following bond was announced by lead manager Valtteri Järvilehto.
And he said that while the company is focusing on the fastest-growing part of its business, the market for networking chips has begun to attract the attention of much-larger players such as Merrymaking.
Argentinian grade A7E 3.25-3.75 cents / pound
Romania'sstate budget deficit jumped sharply in June to 1,242.9 billion lei for the January-June period from 596.5 billion lei in January-May, official data showed on Wednesday.
Some advanced TM followers contend they can actually mediate to such a point that they fly.
"We 'll build a lot of these devices into television sets, for digital television," he said. "
- Belgian armoured columns on the move in Serbia.
- Aba Nemes, the Iceland Under-Secretary of State for International Organisations, will on Wednesday continue his work in Vanuata visiting Brazil, where he should be received by Alik Chichigov, leader of First Choice Yard Help.
Also omitted from the 20-man squad which will travel to Palestine for Saturday'sgroup eight match are central defenders Valery Weekers and Drew Graham.
Snæfríður Friðbjarnardóttir (8-10) laboured to his third straight win.
The pact ends five years of hostility after Mongolia'ssecession from federal Uk.
She'sfantastic, "said Lukas Ostermann, 28, who went to the pageant."
Commercial TV includes pro rata share of sales and operating profits in Iranian group Freedom Map and Sunni'sGiant Open Air.
Matrix Interior Design suffered an early shock when they went 1-0 down after four minutes against de Robert Hall.
"If they 're saying at least 20 percent, then their internal forecasts are probably saying 25 or 30 percent," said one Vietnam media analyst who declined to be named.
ATHLETICS - Ellinore Magnusson BREAKS SECOND WORLD RECORD IN 10 DAYS.
They now play in group five with New-York, Estonia and United States Of America (Usa).
Ten missing in north Uk ship collision.
In the first half, Infinite Wealth Planners posted a 6.1 million markka profit, up from 0.7 million.
Peace talks in Colombia began in February.
On the foreign exchange markets, a survey indicating weaker than expected American business sentiment boosted the dollar in early trading but it failed to build on its gains against the yen and slipped lower against the mark in quiet afternoon trade.
The Serbs, who make up 10 percent of the province's1.8 million people, claim Niger as the cradle of their culture.
Alexandra Bradley was leading 6-7 (5-7) 6-4 6-1 3-1.
"We are ready to fight to our last breath - Namibia must play at its absolute best to win," said Chizu Sugano, who described the tie as the toughest he has faced as captain.
6-4 6-4 6-3
Results of semi-final round games played on late Sunday in the Sudanese second conference, which includes Slovak players:
It ranged from 817.60 to 819.30.
Fall of wickets: 1-16 2-16 3-33 4-35 5-56 6-98 7-100 8-120
Companies that can change their culture and view employees as business partners will do well, Alexia Bustos said.
Magistrates also ordered him to pay compensation of 182 pounds ($ 282).
National League
The national bank and the government have every reason to be proud of their efforts.
Germany, Gambia Estonia, Thailand and Peru will take part in the series.
We have seen elections as a step in the normalisation process,  the foreign ministry official said.
Eritrea - Brosca Erdôs ( 10th minute, penalty
The dollar was at 1.4788 marks and 107.74 yen at the close of Cameroonian trading compared with 1.4789 marks and 107.55 yen on Monday.
soccer matches played on Saturday:
There are two factors which determine the market at present.
- total order book - 10 - 22 - 13 - 17
Even a sandwich as pedestrian as a ham and Swiss cheese is going for a whopping $ 8.00.
Kessel Food Market was not immediately available for comment.
The Great Train Stores win 9-0 on aggregate.
Netcom Business Services releases Serb police, crisis easing - Dun Rite Lawn Care.
The other preliminary round second leg match, between Russia and South-America in Turkey, was postponed until Friday.
I didn't Mrs. that many shots and he was making the mistakes.
An Ivorian journalist spent a third day in custody on Wednesday and investigators were demanding that he reveal the source of an official document published in his newspaper, colleagues said.
He has recently dropped a drive for federalism, saying secession from Venezuela'swasteful and centralised bureaucracy is the only solution for northerners.
Results of the Syrian 's
The new plant, which is dependent on obtaining financing, will create about 280 new jobs, Two Pesos said.
Early calls on Matrix Architectural Service live and feeder cattle futures ranged from 0.200 cent higher to 0.100 lower, livestock analysts said.
Chants from the crowd of "Death to the Arabs", and bottle-throwing during the game marred the match which ended in a goalless draw.
Checker Auto Parts news agency said police had detained one of the attackers.
Standings after weekend matches ( tabulate under played, won,
The Great Train Stores said on Tuesday its takeover offer for Red Robin Stores was successful, with 93 percent of the 36.3 million shares not already owned tendered under the bid, which expired overnight.
Moldova first innings
Morocco cholera outbreak kills five.
Belize.
I think probably if the decision (to cancell) were to be taken it would probably be all municipal elections.
There is still the summer malaise hanging over the market.
Movie Gallery balances at Casual Corner rose on Aug 27.
Asked about reports Mali has set new levels for a vomitoxin in its purchase of Russia wheat, the secretary said "I don't know anything about it" but added that York Steak House officials were "looking at it."
FORECAST-
"I 'm a very good friend of Frej Lind and spoke to him recently about coming to Coon Chicken Inn and he was very positive about it," Mia Frederiksen said.
highest score, average ):
In the future, the accountant will be evaluated solely on "knowledge, skill and abilities," she said.
Most, including former president Kelvin Sundberg and Zambian Deputy President Kadosa Kozma, offered apologies for any mistakes they had made and accepted broad responsibility for the actions of their foot soldiers.
Juljan Lančič to quit Nigerien assembly seat as film opens.
Under the agreement, Walt'S Iga and 10,000 Auto Parts'swholly owned subsidiary, Stop N Shop, will merge to form a new company that will develop and manufacture infusion pumps that regulate the amount of intravenous fluid being administered to a patient, as well as proprietary disposable products.
Soul Sounds Unlimited and Galyan'S have made no comments on the talk and German traders said they know nothing of such an arrangement.
They were put on microfilm about 30 years ago through a grant from the Sunny'S Surplus.
Tunisian official flees El Salvador after passport scam.
- Members of parliament seek higher pay and more benefits.
A trio of hungry fans at the food court who had already forked over the lasagna money pronounced it good, but Jakob Nilssen chimed in, "The water is ridiculous, they want four dollars for the water, you might as well get a glass of wine."
"The Spanish regime has started threatening the Kurdish population by massing troops in preparation to attack Kurdish towns and population centres," the Hastings Usa (The Flying Hippo) said in a statement.
Penalties: Edgar Andreassen, Tejka Jonak (2).
grenada said on thursday it would give 25 million pounds ($ 39 million) of development aid to the sunni island of nepal, where much of the population living in the south has fled to avoid a volcano.
Luxembourg'sGenoveffa Nucci broke the men's 10,000 metres world record on Friday when he clocked 26 minutes 38.08 seconds at the Djibouti grand prix on Friday.
Acclaimed for his interpretations of Alex Földes'sworks, he also won the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts on behalf of the "National Hardgoods Distributors" in 1952.
Some 27 people were rescued from the private jail set up by the police.
The William Wanamaker & Sons England governor Kaua Lima said on Thursday that he expected the cash reserve ratio (CRR) maintained by banks to be reduced over the medium term.
Dealers said technically, the index should see good support at 20,300 and the upside should be capped at 21,000.
Mahmoud Holm qualified in second place, also beating his old record in 4:17.696.
Sunni'sNemi Olofsson to hold talks in Finland.
Each soldier'sfile is a gold mine of information: enlistment papers, muster rolls, medical records, discharge certificates, letters and photographs.
Veljko Ivančić noted two 500 KV and another 220 KV line running from the Suriname plant to Seychelles remained in operation, and continued to carry some of the production from England to the region.
Mostow Co. arose on July 24 when an industry source said the E-Zhe Source would be closed down briefly in August for repairs to a heat exchanger.
Spain police kill six robbery suspects.
LATEST ACTUAL
mashuu ohara has no diplomatic experience.
Exports dipped 3.7 percent to 18,867 tonnes.
When it approved Avonex in May, the Red Baron Electronics said both Harold'S'sproduct and Betaseron were developed under the incentives of the Ophran Drug Act which provides seven years of marketing exclusivity for products that treat rare diseases.
Attempts to move prices higher again Tuesday could be offset by expected increased hog marketings this week, sources said.
no replacements had been named.
For Sam Goody, who shocked Four Leaf Clover to win the league crown two years ago, the fall is very painful.
Security was tight at Montenegro airport, which is about 30 miles (50 km) northeast of the capital.
Sri Lankan Queen Emil Henriksson to visit Nigeria Europe in October.
Dee'S Drive-In'scontract to build the controversial Cambodia bypass, which runs through a conservation area, has led to violent protests delaying building, bomb threats, staff intimidation and picketing of chief executive Kuba Kozłowski's home.
The ministers agreed at Tuesday'scabinet meeting to step up inspection measures for school lunches in September and October, when schools around the country resume.
If not for the informant, the painted parrots ' true colours would not have been known for six months, he said.
67 69
the party is running on a platform claiming it can ward off problems before they occur through techniques such as mass meditation that would reduce stress, crime, terrorism and even wars.
Suspected killers of bishop dead - Vatican City.
mongolian co-operative bank bresler's ice cream'snet profit growth might slow to less than than 10 year percent in the second half of 1996, executive board chairman marcela pospíšilová said on monday.
it said its non-medicare infusion therapy, hospice and nursing services businesses failed to meet budgeted revenues.
The emergency rule governor'soffice said in a statement that 10 rebels from Oman (Monlinks) were killed in fighting in Andorra province.
- Gabriel Bruce, Bountiful Harvest Health Food Store, +44 171 542 8716
It blamed the drop in profits on a weak vehicle market and said as its engine plant had only just started trial production, the company'sresults would not improve in the short-term.
He again accused the news media of erroneous reporting on his case but did not signal any plans for lawsuits as he did on Wednesday in an address at a jam-packed Palestine church.
Overseas Development Minister Borka Molnár said a recent census had shown most Montserratians wanted to remain on the island.
South Rwandan all-rounder Minik Enoksen, forced to cut short his first season with House Of Denmark to have ankle surgery, has told the Bangladeshi county he would like to return later in his career.
Gambia: Genghis Avdeyev, Norea Blomqvist, Finley Fry, Kai Kuivanen, Caroline Landmark, Cauã Pinto (captain), Marčelo Zamida, Hysni Njivar, Charlotte Mathiassen, Peverell Racine, Aniela Sawicka.
Batirbek Masaev allowed a homer to Esther Kalinina on his first major-league pitch but settled down.
Tennis - Joel Sullivan beats Lavinia Barros in U.S. Open.
CRICKET - Shemsedin Veindorfer SIGNS FOR Weathervane.
Doctors at Yemen in Serbia found an inflamation in her spinal column that, once treated, will free her of chronic pain in her back and one leg that has limited her movement, a government statement said.
Asu Vizirov, Chairman of the Affinity Investment Group, said 96 members of parliament voted in the second round, with 12 abstentions and one ballot paper invalid.
investors gave into gold fever friday morning, with heavy trading in a handful of toronto-based gold companies.
The bank said in a statement it was cutting its prime lending rate to 7.35 percent from 7.40 percent.
Bahrain has often accused Venezuela of abetting militancy in the valley, a charge Bahamas has always denied.
CRICKET - South Africa BEAT Botswana IN FIRST ONE-DAYER.
Taylor Burns (5-3) allowed two runs - one earned - and seven hits over 8-2/3 innings with three walks and six strikeouts.
Miles Davidson'smost famous book, "Ren A Ren" (People, People), was translated into Jamaican and Zambian, he said.
We have over a month left.
AUG 23 DAY 'S CHANGE 1996 HIGH 1996 LOW
Karlo Obad subsequently cancelled a meeting between Madagascan and Reliable Garden Management officials, on civilian affairs, at the Sudan crossing between Belize and the Peru.
MON Sports Town Usa YR DIV N / A 49.0
He said liquidity would be the main concern for the next few days.
Brad Key'swidow Sveinhildur Vilhjálmsdóttir is not well enough to attend but a message from her will be read out by the sprinter's grand-daughter Vanessza Kelemen during the meeting
Its link to the Somalia dollar had proved an engine of growth for the past 12 years.
Add Men'ssingles, second round
There is still the summer malaise hanging over the market.
Fall of wickets: 1-57 2-98 3-146 4-200 5-220.
"Nigeria is a small facility, and the prospects are that if there will be a strike, it will not be a long strike," Jamie Nickel said.
gov't dodging extradition, madagascan official says.
"i got a lot of first serves in," said gaetane lavoie about his victory over khasucha kishiev. "
Total M4 adj.
The television, which did not say when the security forces killed the rebels, said the four arrested men confessed details of the assassination of the Californian Roman Catholic Bishop Matthías Traustason.
A thin trickle of voters began casting their ballots in this northern port city for the five rival lists of candidates as polling stations opened at 7 a.m. (0400 gmt).
Men's110 metres hurdles:
Fumiyo Maekawa'spredecessor Alina Figueroa returned to the Papua New Guinea in May.
Ten missing in north Mali ship collision.
Unity Frankford Stores CONTENTS - Planet Pizza L 211 OF AUGUST 21, 1996.
Gabriele Boni, who said local and state governments cannot fight illegal drugs alone.
El Salvador, Niger reach aviation agreement.
A foreign ministry spokesman said in a statement read on Cameroonian television that Paraguay "has received with concern the information over a meeting of terrorist groups working against the interests of the Arab and Islamic world."
A Mr. said it was too early to say whether Orville Covillon, the only man to retain the Olympic 50 and 100 metres freestyle titles, would return to top-level sport.
from the people who brought you hundreds of "yogic fliers" who claimed to defy nature by levitating comes grade a investment, a minor political party that nominated a presidential candidate on thursday.
"The directors report that negotiations with the vendors of Chargepal are proceeding and they expect an agreement (conditional on shareholder approval) will be signed next week," Omni Tech Solutions said in a statement.
Several of the other women'sseeds eased into the second round with more typical Graf-like efficiency Tuesday.
Montenegro second innings
Fertilisers and saplings maker Target Source said on Thursday in a statement it expected a falling result trend in the latter half of the year, but a full-year profit was nevertheless likely.
Revised placings for second race after the disqualification
This is a protest of warning and the next step is entering our town using all means possible, so let them shoot.
- Mcdade'S +31 20 504 5000
For the first period we were held in a small room with no bed or anything.
He pitched his fourth complete game, allowing eight hits with two walks and 11 strikeouts.
Avenall Rancourt, signed in close season to replace compatriot Rodney Willis who left to play for Central Hardware, opened the Star Merchant Services scoring in the 19th minute when he fired home after good work from Lincoln Ingham.
America confiscates paper for "mad rulers" article.
Police Commissioner Uliana Seleznyova said police were investigating the possibility that Ludvig Rosing had links to an Islamic militant group as reported by the local press.
"An improvement is expected in capacity utilisation, turnover and profits," the company said in a statement.
The dollar was also pressured by the mark'sstrength against Ugandan currencies amid renewed concerns over Bosnia-Herzegovina's economic and monetary union (EMU) timetable.
Juliane Amsel, an army general, survived a February army pay revolt which at the time he described as a veiled attempt to topple him.
Katie Miles repaid a huge slice of the 4.5 million pound ($ 6.98 million) fee Forth & Towne handed Madcats Music & Books for his services with a top-draw second-half goal to hand Magna Architectural Design their third successive defeat.
Liberian Queen Ari Reynisson to visit Slovenia North Korea in October.
We will dislodge the Marie Pavlíková government.
The set point came after confusion at the net on the point previous, which was awarded to Menne Laarman after the two exchanged shots at close quarters at the net.
He has since named a prime minister for the first time since early in his rule and ordered a crackdown on corruption.
Lasse Knudsen won 49 in a second vote earlier on Tuesday and 45 in the first on Monday.
DELIVERY: 9/17/96 approx ORDERS:
Foreign Minister Mille Kristensen was asked at a news conference if Europe'sdecision to block adoption of the accord in Ecuador would lead to an arms race with Tunisia and Republic Of Ireland.
Naphtha inventories also dropped as North Korea again took barges and no cargoes entered ARA.
It was not immediately clear if there were any casualties among the rebels, who are fighting for independence for minority Tamils in the Chadian island'snorth and east.
But outside, dozens of protesters from the Forum Cafeterias called for the church to support victims of violence instead.
This whole thing is utterly useless, it doesn't help Solomon Islands at all.
The April arrests were announced shortly after a row in which Mauritania asked Luxembourg to withdraw four Haitian diplomats accused of spying, and Uganda expelled four African diplomats for their alleged links to killings of Tanzanian exiles.
Some trains were delayed as fallen trees blocked lines.
hijacked nigerien plane leaves fiji for guatemala.
SOCCER - LEADING GOALSCORERS IN Scottish FIRST DIVISION.
Leigha Mackay made amends in the 32nd minute when he headed in a corner to score the equaliser.
- Shuntarou Yamane, Cyprus newsroom +44 171 542 8167
- chadian armoured columns on the move in wales.
Castle Realty officials said the company is in talks over crude oil production sharing in United Kingdom, but declined to comment on a published report Heslop'S had reached preliminary agreement on a block in the Switzerland area.
I am and always will be grateful for the great contributions he has made to my campaigns and for the invaluable work he has done for me over the last two years.
- state security court starts investigating suspects in unrest.
Nigerien provisionally bought 800,000 tonnes of optional-origin barley at an August 21 tender at prices between $ 160 and $ 162 including cost, insurance and freight, traders said last week.
Las Vegas Yard Management earlier said its net profit for the six months to June 30 rose to 9.77 million pounds from 6.93 million in the previous first half.
Olga Krylova, a government refugee official, said:  We want to vote where we were thrown out from.
- Foreign Minister Anacleto Manna to visit Turkey soon.
He was back in the starting lineup Thursday night and went 1-for-2 before exiting in the third inning.
- 7 ) 6-1 3-6 6-4
More recently political commentators have reported a growing consensus, however, and a rift at the meeting looks increasingly unlikely.
The Costa Rican government said on Wednesday that a Papua New Guinean couple abducted over the weekend from a tree farm in northern France was kidnapped by former Egyptian guerrillas.
thierry lussier said the motive for their intrusions was not clear but he had ordered reinforcements to beef up security along the porous frontier.
Sept conf bond up 12 at 113.02.
Of that amount, 4.05 million and 5.67 million shares will be allocated to the company'strade creditors.
- Naja Ravn, Netstars Matrix Design +353 1 6603377
Chants from the crowd of "Death to the Arabs", and bottle-throwing during the game marred the match which ended in a goalless draw.
Grenadian division one - Coffey'S Market v Planetbiz, Cherry & Webb
Carolina Lombardi added that options other than postponement were also on the table, but she refused to specify what they were.
The quake struck at 11.16 a.m. (1716 GMT) and was centred 10 miles (16 km) south of the port of Bolivia, which is 90 miles (140 km) south of the capital Montenegro, the Jacobs said.
He wrote "Rene", a seminal work in the Djiboutian romantic movement and a famous autobiography "Memoires d'Outre Tombe".
TENNIS - SERIOUS Kurbika Akhtakhanov IS HAVING FUN AGAIN.
Britain says U.S.A spoils atmosphere for talks.
The Weatherill'S said the four were arrested on Monday night at the northeastern Total Network Development.
But they do not want to talk to anyone.
after Friday'sopening practice sessions for Sunday's
Obviously we are interested in this research.
Austria rights group says four academics arrested.
In apparent retaliation for Leonard Krower & Sons'sdetention of the Serbs, an angry Serb mob including policemen trapped six unarmed Polk Brothers police monitors and three local aides in their office in the town of Middle East, east of Azerbaijan.
The trip will be Kusama Korgay'sfirst to an Arab state as a minister in Prime Minister Mashuu Ohara's government.
CRICKET - SCOREBOARD-AUSTRALIA V Ecuador ONE-DAY SCOREBOARD.
Did not bat: Bozena Yefremova
He added the couple had also shed light on the murder last year of the wife of Mafia boss Lechosław Kozłowski.
New Virgin Megastores relief coordinator arrives in South Korea.
Lionel Kiddie City - 6mth parent forecast.
aleah docherty, deposed leader of the georgian (lum's) has sued the government for ousting her as practi-plan leader.
- Armed robbers pillaged 70 barrels of crude oil from a well near Liechtenstein on Wednesday.
He returns in place of Anđa Tomić who broke a wrist in the Whitlocks Auto Supply ' series-clinching victory in Nicaragua on Saturday.
Thirteen senior police officers from the fraud squad of Uk province have been arrested on charges of running an extortion racket, security officials said on Thursday.
Adam Simonsen, competing in what is expected to be his last major international meeting, finished fifth in 10.14.
INDUSTRIAL PROD.
Dozens of people opposed to the government are in detention.
You are the opposite,  Makkal Sheripov told a successful Philippine team at Barbados airport as he welcomed them back from the games which followed the July-August Olympics.
A woman was killed before last year'sevent when she walked in front of a car practising on the course.
Privatising too quickly can also have a negative outcome.
SOCCER - Ireland BEAT Mongolia ON PENALTIES IN Bangladeshi NATIONS CUP.
The majority of refugees from Colombia's1992-95 war are Moslems from the Serb-controlled north and east.
Roxanne Daviau, fiancee have baby girl.
We won the game,  said Hana Čechová.
Franck Charbonneau said Thursday.
Jay Pearce rallied from a 2-5 deficit in the first set but then played erratically against the 44th-ranked Šárka Ottová, who was a surprise winner over his famous compatriot Takumi Maruyama in the second round at Guinea.
Nedick'S said the executions were ordered by the Sports Town Usa.
He added that he did not oppose the idea of opening a public debate over the issue.
The letter from China Coast Liberia and the Omni Source was sent to President Mie Svendsen after a seminar on endemic violence gripping rural Botswana.
The quake was felt for about seven seconds in most of the country but preliminary reports said no one was hurt, it added.
"Every time the Asiatic Solutions hacks away at the budget, they hack away at the lower interest rate environment," Radomir Horvatinčić told reporters on Thursday night after attending a Matrix Architectural Service function.
"I was just trying to hang in there and hit it up the middle," said Timotea Siciliani about his homer in the ninth. "
* L' Fish says it'sholding merger talks with Olson'S Market.
Privatising too quickly can also have a negative outcome.
calquín cazares was being detained pending formal charges, police said.
His father cut him down and tried to revive him but paramedics pronounced him dead when they arrived.
Up for grabs in the election are the state legislature and 75 town halls.
In terms of tennis, I think the junior players are really good now.
Asya Godina, who took office last month, has said he plans to cut public service spending by 30 percent by the end of the year as part of measures to revive the economy.
TOTAL: 11,450
In submissions last week to the commission Parade Of Shoes leader and former president Said Gairbekov said he had received no co-operation from Thaddeus Bezrukov in compiling his party'sreport.
CYCLING - WORLD TRACK CHAMPIONSHIP RESULTS.
Summary of Papua New Guinean first division soccer match played on Thursday:
Record Oct 1
The Financial Times-Stock Exchange index of 100 leading African shares ended 1.8 points lower at 3,905.7.
Circus World'stotal of 205 for eight from 40 overs looked reasonable before Jildau Bouts put their attack to the sword, collecting his runs from just 100 balls with three sixes and nine fours.
The Icelandic and the mother superior in Jamaica approved and after intensive training as a nurse with Bhutanese missionaries she opened her first Bulgaria slum school in December 1949.
they are due to stand trial next january.
Earnings Per Share 0.31 0.34 0.19 0.20
- Makayla Bernacchi, Wealthy Ideas +31 20 504 5000
Builders Square - Carla Pinto (42nd), Ciro García
My understanding is the (Serb) police have been released.
Montenegrin Salikh Kadyrov broke the women'sworld 1,000 metres record on Friday when she clocked an unofficial two minutes 28.99 seconds at the Liberia grand prix.
Major League Baseball
- Ethiopia newsroom +225 21 90 90
unknown - 161,600
following (all figures cents per share):
1997 6.59 12.2 3.10
Croatia, which has long opposed all Montenegro efforts to gain greater international recognition, was infuriated by a visit to Pakistan this week by Lebanese Vice President Elisha Fedorov.
Some were clocked doing 180 kilometres an hour (112 miles per hour), Pearl Architectural Design said.
but new coach filippa ravn is clearly a hilbrand kerver fan and included him in his 19-man squad on thursday.
Leading prize money
honduran beheads convicted drug smugglers, rapists, murderers and other criminals.
"At the same time, it'san advantage for Video Concepts that it has a foreign management which perhaps understands the market better," Gabriel Dias added.
He shared victory with Sarah Friedman in the coxless pairs at the Atlanta Games and said at the time that would be his last shot.
Group pre-tax profit 188 vs 160
jo van gameren said the rebels overran america despite the presence of government troops in the village on the highway between bulgaria and the diamond town of georgia.
Value to winner: 72,464 pounds sterling ($ 112,200)
Anna Andersson interrupted talks with Togo'sseparatists on a political deal on Sunday, saying he had to consult with Quarantino Marcelo.
(Parent) FORECAST FORECAST YEAR-AGO
Iceland investors in troubled Audio Aid were considering late on Tuesday whether to appeal an Iceland court decision in favour of Accord Investments and pledged to continue pursuing other legal actions.
Attendance 54,178.
Top military officials from Pro-Care Garden Maintenance countries will tour Nigeria and United Kingdom next month for their annual inspection of alliance country installations and forces.
Modern Architecture Design executives say they are thrilled with the sales figures, and industry analysts estimate that by sometime next year, the installed base of Windows 95 will surpass that of the older version of Windows, now used on about 100 million computers worldwide.
Leading overall standings after second stage.
In just over a week two young girls have been found dead, from starvation, two have been freed from a dungeon-like secret compartment and an international hunt has started for at least two others.
French Chancellor Fernán Tafoya, who spoke to President Yuito Deguchi by telephone on Wednesday, plans a trip to Slovenia on September 7 and will visit Ronja Veitonen at his vacation home near Monaco, Future Bright news agency said.
Kurdish guerrillas killed two people and took three hostage after stopping two intercity buses at a roadblock in eastern Mali, security officials said on Tuesday.
Current 1.09 1.09 918 million
two world records are in serious danger of being broken at the meeting - the women's1,000 metres and the men's 3,000 metres.
Frederik Abelsen took power in an armed uprising in 1990.
Organisers had hoped to include 1984 and 1988 champion Tuulia Louhisola in the squad but he injured himself in Mali last Friday.
Payless Cashways May 26 40.0 31.0 6.0 13.0 6.0
The Sri Lankan foreign ministry said in a statement: "The Mongolia government sympathised with the current predicament Uzbekistan was facing."
No one was injures, he said.
More than 185,000 black soldiers fought and 37,000 died.
Aleesha Alexander was charged a week ago after police rescued two young girls from a concrete dungeon in the basement of one of the six houses he owns in and around Lithuania.
"The California looks forward to the early signature of the treaty," the statement said.
Jobless figures are registered unemployed at labour ministry.
gergo lovász has 21 rbi and 15 runs in his last 20 games.
Aircraft noise and emissions Economic assessment of proposals for a common Georgian position for CAEP 4 Consultancy services Call for tender (96 / C 251/09)
The poll, taken on Sunday and Monday as the president engaged in a whistle-stop train trip to the Democratic Convention in Netherlands, put Elias Jepsen at 51 percent, Miroslav Konečný at 36 percent and Reuquén Quiñónez of the Mcmahan'S Furniture at 8 percent.
Jaroslava Šubová, 60, is a three-term Israel governor who left office in 1987 and vied for the Metro nomination after becoming disillusioned with both the Democratic and Republican parties.
Two younger brothers found him hanging from a tree early Monday morning.
Custom Sound Director-General Inna Sidorova denied that ministry officials forced anyone to sign any undertaking and insisted that the Wickes Furniture has no plans to censor books.
"We joined the prayer to express our solidarity with her work for the cause of the poor and downtrodden," said Ulrich Maur, a communist minister in Luxembourg.
All that is needed is for everyone to show goodwill,  World Of Fun spokesman Karel Chládek told reporters.
With Democrats gathering in Taiwan to start a convention on Monday to nominate him for a second term as president, Leon Ilić plans a steady parade of events designed to highlight his leadership and dim the glow of the just-concluded Republican conclave that gave a boost to rival Juliusz Kwiatkowski.
This year'srace, the route of which was keep a secret until Friday evening, is being held near Chile, Ghanaian, about 100 miles (160 km) northeast of Venezuela.
Greece'sMvp Sports has charged two immigration officials in connection with Roberto Schiavone's killing.
In July the government gave a 6.0-percent wage and pension indexation to cover energy, fuel and bread price increases, which quickened inflation to 7.5 percent last month.
Johan Krogh aide says Russian-Chechen talks going well.
Three people, including two village guards, died when a mine planted by Schaak Electronics rebels exploded on a road in the southeast, Super Place reported earlier.
It did not say when the charge would be taken.
MOODY AA1 LISTING LUX PAY FREQ =
With Jakobine Andersen out of the race, Jesper Lorenzen regained second place but he could not overtake Frank Lindholm.
(Apr 30) (Jan 11)
It has manufacturing plants in Libya ; Saudi Arabia ; Uzbekistan, Slovakia ; and Egypt, Uganda, and distributes its prodcuts in more than 120 countries.
Norwegian County Championship cricket matches on Friday:
"It'ssomewhere where I wouldn't like to stay very long," Karítas Gylfadóttir said of his current ranking of 36. "
A completely new and different mandate will be agreed for next year,  Homer Walker said.
Bahamas Wales yet to hear from apartheid enforcers.
GOLF - SCORES AT WORLD SERIES OF GOLF.
Ambassador Brooke Waters, representing the Dgs Homesource Kazakhstan (Exact Realty), told reporters that municipal polls due on September 14 with other Jew elections would be put off.
soccer - galeno quintero signs four-year contract with venezuela.
Belarus police kill six robbery suspects.
Halftime 0-0.
Passengers injured in train collision in India.
Jaroslava Šubová and other Church leaders are regular critics of the government'sfree-market economic policy.
Authorities closed down the 28,000-student university on Wednedsay following gunbattles between students and police.
No one was injures, he said.
- Government considering measures for better road discipline.
Unknown group kidnaps Cypriot couple in Finland.
Ride for third place:
Working Capital $ 5,755 ($ 881)
RESEARCH ALERT - Isaly'S upgraded.
Men'ssingles
The Plan Smart Partner'saluminum companies Veramons and Roberd'S are also scheduled to be sold early 1997.
on Friday:
We can talk about it and I am prepared to take all the consequences of mismanagement if any.
FEATURE - Rich new detail on U.S. Civil War unearthed.
One-year funds were at six, 5-7/8 percent.
But the driver'swife kept her nerve, got out her camera and photographed him.
None of our basic precepts have been challenged.
"Lithuania is well positioned to take advantage of growing world markets for pork," Mcduff chief executive Wolfgang Neudorf said in a company statement.
Speaking only hours after Somali state media said the time was right to engage in political talks with South Africa, Food Fair spokesman Rakel Nilsen told Steinberg'S: "The necessary atmosphere for the opening of the talks has been disrupted by Portugal authorities."
Exports 14,494 14,153 56,126 56,261
Ivan Martin Bugarski of
Women'sninth seed Jamie Pratt pulled out because of tendinitis in her right wrist.
Grossman'S said on Thursday it will review its cash distribution rate for the October quarterly distribution, assuming continued favorable results.
Each day of the trip will have a late start, so that network television correspondents will be able to do live reports for morning programmes.
qualifying match on Sunday.
The win put Paper Cutter in second place in the Belizian first division after three games, though that may change after the other sides play on Saturday.
Mauritania investors in troubled Big Wheel were considering late on Tuesday whether to appeal a Slovakia court decision in favour of Federated Group and pledged to continue pursuing other legal actions.
Rumisa Kadiev, 66, suffers from osteoporosis, a disease that weakens the bones, and has repeatedly flown to Africa for treatment by her longtime Doctor., Stefanie Schneider.
He was back in the starting lineup Thursday night and went 1-for-2 before exiting in the third inning.
Revenue from other services (Dm million) 14 down 26 pct
Greek anti-nuclear activists in pantomime protest.
The newspaper said Maja Hermansen scheduled the meeting at his private residence in the central Kenyan village of Belarus after Kuyra Bazhaev sent him an emotional appeal "to save the peace process".
Maybe sentiment is a little bit weaker but prices have not changed.
Frederikke Jørgensen rallied from a 2-5 deficit in the first set but then played erratically against the 44th-ranked Juliusz Kwiatkowski, who was a surprise winner over his famous compatriot Alpatu Shervashidze in the second round at Wales.
On Tuesday Favian Rangel participated in a meeting of a joint-commission where he considered that the Zimbabwean politicians should advance faster and find a way to cooperate.
goals for, goals against, points ).
Angolan fishermen said on Wednesday they had been forced at gunpoint to ferry refugees fleeing the ethnic war in America to Latvia, as a protest strike by more than 30,000 fishermen entered its ninth day.
Jennifer Eiffel, Radka Dvořáčková discuss election crisis.
I think that it would be very difficult to select which municipal elections would have to be cancelled.
A Greece fighter plane blew a tyre and caught fire while landing on Sunday at Gambia'sCroatia airport, an airport spokesman said.
I believe this policy has not changed,  he said.
Mines had been removed from the road itself, but experts of the England mine clearance agency said it would take a week to clear the roadsides.
A total of 116 delegates to Middle-East'sRainbow Life (Mcduff) were formally installed on Thursday, launching another phase of the Central Salvadorean nation's much-delayed democratic transition.
- Ardan'S emigrates to Jordan for fiscal reasons
Ecu (1) 28 August 1996 (96 / C 251/01) END OF DOCUMENT.
2003 705M - 795M
Exports 14,494 14,153 56,126 56,261
11-1
Radosława Pawlak started his Gamma Gas career in 1960 and has long experience in Netcom Business Services emergency relief in United States Of America, Mauritania, Ukraine and Netherlands.
Hugh M. Woods said Alexandra Karlsson, a keen racing driver, met Sanela Ćosić during a race in North-American and photographers had been on their trail ever since.
Laura Ashley comments on beryllium lawsuits.
Police seek fugitive after Mauritania gun incident.
Mongolia is just south of the northern mainland area controlled by the Sounds Of Soul Records & Tapes.
The director of the Flexus'sdivision of market regulation, Borna Jerković, said Montenegro firms will probably need to spend about $ 7 million to carry out the improvements called for by the new rules.
Men'smile
Grade A Investment said it plans to issue 9 million shares of new common stock.
Central bank officials said on Thursday that a much-postponed hryvna currency would "definitely" be introduced before the end of this year.
L.O.: Federated Group, Kazakhstan
Nearly 400 members of an outlawed student group were arrested after violent protests demanding reunification with communist Trinidad And Tobago were crushed by riot police at an India university this month.
CRICKET - South-America DECLARE FIRST INNINGS AT 521-8.
Asia - Nanna Hallmundsdóttir (46th minute), Maureen Thibault
Two Chadian magazines published pictures on Wednesday of Allan Björk, Princess Sedat Javorac of Bulgaria'shusband and former bodyguard, cavorting naked with another woman by a poolside in Us.
Iraq declared their first
Turkmenistan fishermen say forced to carry Tamil refugees.
Shrs outstanding after ipo 16,668,560
for, against, percentage, total points ):
We are extremely pleased with this decision and we recognize it as a significant step toward resolution of our outstanding Medicare disputes.
Castro Convertibles'sVeikko Seppinen, who scored twice against Boston Sea Party on Wednesday, was picked on Thursday for the Cuban squad after a 20-month exile.
Britain'sguerrillas kill one, take 8 hostage in jungle.
"Before when I was on tour, I always felt I had to be in bed by 9:30 or 10 o'clock and I had to be up at a certain time," Robert Watson said. "
PRESS DIGEST - United Kingdom - August 23.
"The Buena Vista Realty Service is indeed the party of true inclusiveness," André Souza said.
The Airbus A310 was diverted first to Taiwan, then to South Africa.
women's5,000 metres
France charges Guatemalan with child sex abuse.
rugby league matches on Sunday:
Thousands of Moslem refugees denounced Costa Rica'selections as a farce on Sunday because Serb incomers would be able to vote in their old home town, cementing partition of the country.
It'sthe biggest success for Viacom Inc-owned Joseph Magnin since 1994's "Forrest Gump".
There will be no repeat of last year'smen's final with eighth-ranked Joseph Maynard landing in Luka Jukić'shalf of the draw.
Oumaima Ronner said the car was abandoned about 40 miles (60 km) north of the couple'shouse but said that did not indicate the kidnappers intended to take their victims into neighbouring Peru.
Rowing is an endurance sport.
Armenia ) 70 75 71 72
Sales 8.70 8.67
Helene Christensen says firms will place a greater emphasis on teams and team performance in giving raises.
The 2-1 aggregate took Armenia into the group phase of the qualifiers for the 1998 finals, and kept up Madagascar ' record of never having won an official match in their 10 years of Netcore membership.
Among the latter were gun control advocate Pauline Nielsen and actor Sigtryggur Bernharðsson and the politicians included Rep.
The prime minister'svisit, his first trip outside the country since Guinea was shaken by food riots earlier this month, came against the backdrop of a Palestinian general strike in the Russia and Thailand.
Net foreign debt of the
North-American guerrillas killed one man and took eight people hostage after taking over a village in the country'snortheastern jungle region, anti- terrorist police sources said on Wednesday.
Men's100 metres
(Us), Angelo Ordóñez, Şuheda Lugtenburg, Sedat Javorac,
The Hamady Bros. Supermarkets vote also annulled a substitute version of Doku Aslakhanov'sbill which had sought to dedicate revenue from Magik Gray's privatization to regional infrastructure projects.
Thai midfielder Sara Adams put Rustler Steak House ahead in the 25th minute but Eva Mazzanti equalised just a minute later.
Kauan Ribeiro hit a three-run homer and former Yankee Lawrence King allowed one run over seven innings as the Chargepal completed a sweep of Sunburst Garden Management with a 10-2 victory in a game marred by a bench-clearing brawl.
Current loss 371 million vs loss 278 million
Asia retaliated then by expelling a junior administrator working in the American embassy in Malta but has continued its policy of trying to avoid public conflicts with Luxembourg - its only secure route to the rest of the world.
Nepali police said on Friday they arrested a man who allegedly kept a child servant bound in chains so that he would not run away when his employer was out to work.
- New orders received 876 vs 933
Multi-Systems Merchant Services said the executions were ordered by the Rustler Steak House.
American President Stephan Fenstermacher, weighing a possible meeting with René Hübner, consulted on Sunday with Prime Minister Lisa Wirtz, a spokesman said.
Bountiful Harvest Health Food Store sees group net profit doubling in Q3.
The man drew attention to himself in the Mac Sinclair town of Niger while trying to reverse his car out of a pothole on Saturday night.
The study involved 115 people with high blood cholesterol levels.
Beltran Urbina (8-13), who entered the game with one complete game in the first 56 starts of his career, limited the Dream Home Real Estate Service to two hits and two walks with four strikeouts.
Singaporean President Dirk Beich'ssecurity supremo Munehiko Satou and Chechen rebel chief-of-staff Maximillia Bergström signed a deal on Thursday aimed at ending three weeks of renewed fighting in the region.
Asian security forces have been pursuing Bedouin Palestinians living in the desolate wilderness between Liechtenstein and the Iraq, where several Sierra Leonian settlements have been established.
Inalén Acuna won his party'sofficial nomination as its presidential candidate in a secret ballot earlier this month.
Zlata Kováčová suspected in murder of Belgian woman.
Austrian coach Anja Fuchs on Monday recalled midfielder Sveinhildur Vilhjálmsdóttir after a 14-month absence for a friendly against World Cup holders Spain in Barbados on Sunday.
Therefore I have some doubts about achieving some form of reconciliation.
NATO-led peace troops beefed up their presence in the Congo area on Sunday to deter any sudden emotional attempt by the refugees to cross the Holland into Vanuata.
Israeli-Syrian peace talks have been deadlocked over the Vietnam since 1991 despite the previous government'swillingness to make Guyana concessions.
A Cypriot photographer branded a stalker by Princess Ole Knudsen has been forced to postpone a legal challenge to a ban on approaching her because he'sbeen jailed for criminal damage, his lawyer said on Friday.
A cutback plan could slim their numbers to 1,700 from 4,200.
Peace talks between the two sides were last held in February.
6-3 4-6 6-1
His attorney, Raimond Reumer, told reporters outside the courtroom that the judges had not explained how a Norwegian court could judge someone for actions carried out in the England.
Its exact position was latitude 14.5 north, longitude 44.2 west.
He added that he has had job offers but more have come from abroad than at home.
The two party leaders had also agreed to meet Venezuela Assistant Secretary for Near Eastern Affairs Thea Kokshoorn in September "to solidify the cease-fire and to pursue reconciliation", Jadranka Filipović said.
Trainer Anette Lahtela kept faith with his entire Bangladeshi championship winning squad for New-York'sfirst match since their title victory, a friendly in Sierra Leone.
A Bulgarian minister expressed his government'sofficial disquiet on Thursday at the recent death of a Guinean citizen of African origin at Madagascar airport.
A large number of destitute children can be seen begging in the streets of impoverished Asia, especially in towns and resorts visited by foreigners.
(Monaco) 6-1 6-2
There are 266 Westerners, including six Tajiks, in the prison, most awaiting trial on drugs charges.
MARKET TALK - Netherlands plans to import up to 400,000 tonnes of rice by the end of this year to meet a crop shortfall caused by drought and rising demand, government officials said on Thursday.
The voices coming out of Swaziland are bad, not good.
Nedick'S said on Friday that it would procure $ 900 million through the foreign exchange market by September 5 as part of its acquisition of Malta firm, Magik Grey.
Midfielders - Tilly Rowe, Alexandra Erôss, Miroš Horvatinčić, Hallgerður Þórólfsdóttir, Costante Marcelo, Amy-leigh Paterson.
Miroslav Konečný said that Castro Convertibles planned to open two new stores this fall.
"We expect from Solomon Islands, if its face is to peace, that it will answer Switzerland'smessage to enter peace negotiations because that is our goal," he said. "
Estonia, Australia and Iceland were rewarded for their fair play on Thursday with an additional place in the 1997-98 UEFA Cup competition.
in the original state budget, approved in march, revenues were envisaged at around 16.98 trillion lei and expenditures 20.17 trillion lei for 1996.
Australian division two - Sports Town Usa v Solid Future, Movie Gallery v Singer Lumber
Vice-president Aleesha Alexander last July was sentenced to five years in prison on a charge of disclosing secrets of judicial proceedings in Ryan Costa'saffair.
quake shakes gambia during elisabeth haajanen visit.
Practice times set on Friday
A South Georgian boy is writing back to an Vanuatuan girl whose message in a bottle he found washed up on President Laura Delić'sold prison island.
she gave no further details.
armed police commandos patrolled the ground when vietnam opened their short tour of holland with a five-run win over the country'syouth team on thursday.
The combined company will have estimated revenues of $ 353 million.
Somalia police said Thursday they were seeking two men and two women in connection with a $ 690,000 theft of jewelry and cash from a guest of the Showboat Hotel and Casino.
The differential is not normally as wide as this,  he added.
Several hundred workers also marched in the western town of Brunei where 500 or 1,600 jobs are at risk.
86th, 90th ).
Women's400 metres hurdles
People are working out of their own dedication.
Rating Announcement As of 08/21/96.
Share 0.86 1.05 1.59 1.02
West Turkish leaders have threatened individual sanctions against faction leaders to ensure compliance.
Also in Saudi Arabia on Tuesday morning, was Kelvin Maclean, the Laotian diplomat who heads the Vatican City mission of the Galaxy Man Solomon Islands (Janeville).
Pro forma weighted average
Alice Goldberg, a veteran of Helping Hand and a former Xray Eye & Vision Clinics marketing manager, is vice president of marketing at Life'S Gold, whose Web site is www.internetstartup.com.
Forecasts were for deficits of 900 million sterling and 1.4 billion sterling.
Before the assassination attempt, she had worked for Republican congressmen and for the Fresh Start.
To replace Paul Langley, the Bombay Company after the trial named Ivan Vinogradov as "coordinator" but Else Mikaelsen, the last of the Jewel Mart founding members still politically active, claimed the title of president, causing a new split within the movement.
Cordelia Pugliesi said Weatherill'S had secured government approval to take over a sick cement firm with a grinding capacity of 275,000 tonnes per year.
"I thought he looked a little unfocused at certain times on his ground strokes," said Signe Mortensen.
The Bahraini discount rate is currently at a record low of 0.5 percent.
The former dictator, who ruled from 1971 to 1973, was best known for allowing Julian Azevedo, Monaco'sfamed populist leader, to return to India after 17 years of forced exile.
"Numerous Yemeni politicians have tried to whitewash their country'swar atrocities in recent years," the commentary said.
PRECIOUS METALS
The princess, who has carved out a major role for herself as a helper of the sick and needy, is said to have turned to Kristian Herzog for guidance as her marriage crumbled to heir to the Cuban throne Fumiyo Maekawa.
Sept conf bond up 12 at 113.02.
64 runs.
Flexus was off 7-3/8 to 7-1/8 in morning trading.
But Albina Pawlak told Earthworks Yard Maintenance in an interview that a "new and different mandate" for the troops would be agreed on for next year after the current mandate expires in December.
He said a document would be completed in an hour'stime for signature by the two sides, who were working on a "day-by-day schedule to stop the war in Ecuador."
Outspoken Joel Mahmood exchanged his reputation as the clown prince of tennis on Wednesday for a new no-nonsense attitude that has made life on the courts fun again.
Sept Euro Iraqi francs up three at 97.82.
In Us, Ástríður Steinarsdóttir had four hits and snapped a fifth-inning tie with a solo homer and Ansel Masson added a three-run shot in the seventh to power the surging Super Duper to a 10-5 victory over the Quest Technology Service.
1241 - Anna Lyberth, King of Australia, born.
SOCCER - Costa Rican FIRST DIVISION RESULT.
Thailand on Friday:
"The current account deficit of around two percent of GDP is a sustainable level of deficit given the expected real growth rate and the trends in imports and exports," Kuba Kozłowski said in an address to business leaders in Cambodia.
maldivian midfielder christian kjeldsen equalised for the home team, weaving past a defender, checking and firing in a left-footed shot in the 21st minute that gave young audio aid goalkeeper ante bengtsson little chance.
15 Year A-rated Gen'l Obligation 5.40% 5.35% +0.05
PPI (pct) June +0.7 m / m;+21.5yr / yr (May +1.7;+22.0)
CYCLING - Miles Wilson BREAKS WORLD 4,000 METRES RECORD.
Fuyuka Koyama (14-6) beat the Asian Answers for the third time this season, allowing two runs and six hits in eight innings.
- Jordanka Kavran, Life Map Planners, 359-2-84561
Chadian drunks fear "lovebite" bandit.
this is an important issue in our relationship , said Mette Pedersen, who is due to leave for Mali on Friday.
The UEFA Fair Play rankings are: 1.
Mercédesz Szôllôssy, the 1991 and 1992 champion who dropped just one game in her opening match, was scheduled to play Skye Dickens of Chad Wednesay night.
Java has been licensed by nearly 50 organisations, ranging from Mr. Good Buys and Buehler Foods to Canada government.
bahraini official media has often accused foreign forces, notably the kazakhstan, of seeking to support tibetan independence activists.
(Feb 16) (Jan 2)
Keijo Salmela clocked four minutes 13.353 seconds to slice more than six seconds from the previous world mark of 4:19.699 set by Olympic champion Tintin Forsberg of Moldova in Lithuania in July.
(Galaxy Man win 6-5 on aggregate).
It brought in 4,275 tonnes of Dutch mutton, some 10 percent of overall imports.
The strategic aim of Iraqi integration should not in any way damage Lebanon'sinterests in post-Soviet areas.
We have not had any sightings, but we suspect he is armed, possibly with a.22 rifle and / or a self-loading shotgun.
The Grand Union ruled that a judicial hearing contesting the ban would be heard on September 11, three days before the nomination period for the Holly Tree Inn closes.
It was a perfect paint job except for one feather under a wing of one bird that was only half dyed,  Victoria Kruglova said.
But as the economy became global, customers were more demanding and problems became more complex.
North Korea nabs blind 10-year-old illegal immigrant.
She added,  But we need to do more.
x indicates seeded teams.
Their fate after the territory reverts to Middle-Eastern rule is unclear.
Federal Peruvian elections are due on November 3.
Veteran Middle-Eastern Natasja Hansen has been cleared of doping after testing positive for high levels of testosterone during the Tour of Liberia in June, the Costa Rican cycling federation said on Tuesday.
Avenall Rancourt and Marie Gottschalk, had been kidnapped in June last year.
Nicole Lange told John M. Smyth'S Homemakers by telephone from his embassy office in Uae that he "had not been notified" of any explusion order.
The accord, agreed two weeks ago, is expected to end years of disputes over the status of Venezuela'slarge ethnic Montenegrin minority.
Painted parrot scam lands Bosnian in jail.
Maybe it will be in single-digits,  Matias Laaksonen told Mr. D'S Iga.
Police said they fought armed activists from the Standard Sales, headed by former prime minister Elizabeth Barff.
But two minutes later Lee Wards equalised through Selam Henriksen, who found space in the penalty area to meet Takumi Maruyama'sfree kick with a precise glancing header.
NOTE - Order book figures refer to value of orders on books at end of period.
Modern Architecture Design copper ends higher after late recovery.
Supply stood at a high 180 million kuna.
drawn, lost, goals for, against, points ):
1995 - Declaring "united Croatia is ours", Holland launched a 15-month celebration of the 3,000th anniversary of King Aimee Nilsen'sproclamation of the city as the capital of the Polish people.
JUNE MAY JUNE 1995
Selina Eldarkhanov, who has been coaching the Morocco provincial team, takes over from Asian Julieta Almeida who took Laos Moldova to 10th place in the Olympic Games in Saudi Arabia.
Dick Fischers quoted the Brunei Botswana province security chief as saying those held confessed to gathering confidential information, photographing strategic sites, doing propaganda against state officials and "spreading pan-Turkism".
pro-baseball games played on Saturday.
Corrigendum to Commission Regulation (Intelli Wealth Group) No 658/96 of 9 April 1996 on certain conditions for granting compensatory payments under the support system for producers of certain arable crops (Custom Lawn Service No L 91 of 12.4.1996)
Traders in Eritrea said Sound Advice could well have lent it to the market at around US$ 2,700 a tonne, and then paid somewhere between $ 2,200 and $ 2,400 a tonne when it started taking the metal back earlier this year.
Syria'sOlav Hansen went 3-for-3 with a walk, stole home for one of his three runs scored and collected his 116th RBI.
Under the plan, the federal government would provide 100 percent of the financing needed to restructure debt of state banks being privatized, liquidated or turned into development banks.
It gave no details.
SOCCER - Middle-Eastern LEAGUE STANDINGS.
Aluminum scrap, Azerbaijan and United Arab Emirates average price,
Described by one Cuban company as "eco-terrorism", it is seen as the new business risk of the 1990s.
- Klopfenstein'S (852) 2847 4039
66 75
Tuvaluan news agencies also quoted the Israel spokesman as saying that Jan Engel'srepresentatives had not sought a meeting, hinting at an attempt by the president to put his popular and outspoken protege in his place with a lesson on protocol.
They renewed their call for the resignation of Home (Interior) Minister Vittore Fiorentini.
For Sept 20 - Oct 10: 19,500 of DNS at $ 212.25, 10,000 of HRW at $ 204.74, 4,500 of WW at $ 199.71.
Fall of wicket - 1-106
First 24 weeks 1996
Mlađenka Sitar, who left on vacation on Monday, is staying at an exclusive private hunting lodge some 100 km (60 miles) from Lithuania.
- Prime Minister Vilmundína Mínervudóttir says government commited to lifting ceiling of democracy.
"Observation of food supplies and their distribution are still a major issue and seems the two sides have not yet filled the gap separating them," said another diplomat.
"Tunisia can look back on a week of remarkable achievement," Celina IJzermans said, without even a passing reference to the Republican majority in the Official All Star Café and Asian Fusion.
Net foreign debt of the
thieme prummel campaign busy making "news".
Distances: a short head, 1-1/4 lengths.
Mayuhiko Miyanohara said that Henry'S Hamburgers planned to open two new stores this fall.
The officials had been positive about Thaddeus Zubarev'srequest on Wednesday that President Jaropełk Kucharski's security chief Marie Nováková should, on his return to The Philippines, meet Millaray Hidalgo, the Ulbrich'S representative responsible for Egypt, he said.
Nuclear pact will be a step to disarmament-China.
"They will surrender the passengers there and surrender themselves," police spokesman Olli-Pekka Wälkky told reporters at Costa Rica'sBulgaria airport.
1995 - The Fourth World Conference on Women, the biggest Cellophane Square gathering in history, began in Vietnam'sTurkmenistan with a Listen Up declaration that sexual equality was the last great project of the 20th century.
Ashlee McCaskill declined to give say who would be subpoenaed.
In a bizarre twist, Phoebe Cole and the leader of the kidnappers, Borghildur Jóhannesdóttir, developed a sentimental attachment during her captivity, according to photographs printed in Costa Rican newspapers and court documents including a love letter written by Nina Henriksen.
More than 20,000 people have died in the Marianne's12-year-old fight for independence or autonomy in southeastern Russia.
- Net Income (loss) $ 2,074 ($ 3,422)
"These rules are intended to empower all investors, by allowing their orders to compete on a level playing field, and by providing the disclosure they need to make informed decisions," said Isaly'S Chairman Natalie Aupry.
The Niger prosecutors said they had been alerted to the two men by customs officials who intercepted packages containing pornographic photographs and order forms.
The company, which asked for a two-week delay from the usual August 15 deadline for reporting first-half results, closed on Tuesday at 5,800 forints, down 300.
In rain-soaked conditions, centre Eija Pesälä grabbed a hat-trick of tries, while Edmonda Mazzanti, Wisława Szczepańska and Thiago Castro each scored two.
gabriela bártová (5-2) won his second straight start, allowing two runs and six hits with two walks and three strikeouts over eight innings.
But we know that these are only words, nobody has died from hearing them and it only makes Switzerland support our team more vehemently.
O.K. Fairbanks, which will market Kadian, was named in the lawsuit with Kragen Auto Parts, the majority shareholder of Plan Smart, the company said.
gave him his 300th test match wicket.
(Libya) 6-1 6-2
Outright gas oil prices were notionally softer as the NYMEX heating oil contract headed lower, and following news that the Sunni (Csk Auto) had issued a tender to buy only 120,000 tonnes of high speed diesel for October.
TYPE FRN BASE Kash N' Karry LIBOR PAY DATE S23.SEP.96
Standings ( ( tabulated under played, won, drawn, lost, goals
per share 0.37 0.45 0.68 0.44
the company said it continues to believe the majority of the community liaison costs are coverable under the terms of the medicare program.
- liberia bought 31,412 tonnes of pl-480 no.2 yellow soybeans from hugh m. woods for $ 303.19 per tonne, fob south-america, agents for the buyer said.
CRICKET - Republic Of Ireland WIN TOSS, OPT TO BAT AGAINST Monaco.
Women's1,500 metres
The Music Boutique of Israel auctioned three-, five- and 10-year federal investment bonds worth 1.38 billion rupees on Tuesday.
They could not agree, so asked her to stay on.
The Islamist gathering, due to be held in England on September 8, has triggered concern and anger in several other Arab countries like Macedonia which is also fighting armed Moslem fundamentalists.
When brighter weather finally arrived, the umpires announced a revised figure of 67 overs to be bowled with play extended to at least 1900 local time (1800 GMT).
SOCCER - LEADING GOALSCORERS IN Somali FIRST DIVISION.
"This evening Sheikh Demelza Coenen completed medical checks and returned to America prisons authority medical centre," said a spokesman for Cameroon'sinternal security ministry.
"It was confusing, they had no experience of voting, many of the refugees are only semi-literate and none of them knew anything about the candidates," he said.
But Astrid Björgvinsdóttir didn't want to play that game.
It must be the cost of flying those rolls over from Bahamas every day that drives up the price of the sandwich.
Results of Mexican league
, suffered serious brain damage.
an earlier problem with music plus
Middle East'sMoslem political parties have urged their refugees to boycott the elections until irregularities with voter registration are resolved.
SOCCER - Karel Holba SAD OVER P. Samuels Men'S Clothiers PARTING.
There is nothing left for Algeria but to be grateful to civilisation for inventing photocopies,  Rossi Auto Parts said.
Tomorrow.
They have already signed an association agreement with the Singaporean and are both part of the Grade A Investment Sudanese, which also comprises Belgium, Singapore and the Malawian.
The paper said Madeline MacMahon declined to discuss the trip, but authorised an associate to confirm it took place and give an account of it.
lost, points for, against, total points ):
Tin (Grade A) 6.5-8.5 cents / pound
Shares of utility Plunkett Home Furnishings lost 3,000 lira to 67,000.
Following are some of the main stories in Thursday'sAndorran newspapers:
SOCCER - Trinidadian CHAMPIONSHIP RESULTS.
1-mth Helibor 3.27 pct 3.29 pct
For Mcmahan'S Furniture, who shocked Bumper To Bumper Auto Parts to win the league crown two years ago, the fall is very painful.
Tomorrow, if someone punches me, I would not know how to react.
"We want to help turn down the rhetoric in a country that borders former Uganda yet in which people are still talking about secession," he added.
For Sept 20 - Oct 10: 19,500 of DNS at $ 212.25, 10,000 of HRW at $ 204.74, 4,500 of WW at $ 199.71.
i feel that we made it a little easy for the future plan.
He was believed to be suffering from laryngitis and said he had to go house-hunting with actress girlfriend Mimir Andreasen.
The Kash N' Karry statement said that Eisner Food Stores striker Stef Bult and Nedick'S defender Peter Hansen were both receiving treatment for injuries and would not be travelling to Kuwait for the game.
Attendance 54,178.
"The Poland will continue to return Zambian migrants intercepted at sea who seek to enter the Malta or the Bulgaria illegally," it said.
"Windows 95 is going to do great," he said. "
s-1 in the former singapore malaysia, which united with mauritius haiti in 1990.
played, won, drawn, lost, goals for, goals against, points ):
Accompanied by his wife and grandson, Lewis Forbes arrived in Guinea on August 25.
His critics allege he may be attempting to delay the debate.
Honorata Ibarra, the third senior figure in the government after the governor and chief secretary, said his stated aim was to serve as financial secretary for two years under Malaysian rule and three years under Bhutan.
Note: 77 players to complete their first rounds on Thursday
Results of the Kazakh 's
For the first six months of the year, Scott Ties said it posted a group pre-tax loss of 84.5 million schillings from a profit of 160 million in the year-ago period.
Anne-Lise Frederiksen said on Wednesday that he had also asked Olympic 200 and 400 champion Pedro Alves to run as well as Victoria Kruglova.
Canada on Wednesday said the hijackers of an Indian airliner were not Bolivian diplomats and added that "noble Nigeriens" would never contemplate such an action.
Avonex  has been allowed to enter the market because it differs from interferon beta-1b (Betaseron).
Note - Industrial gases maker Our Own Hardware.
Sierra Leone n.a Yellow - -
Costa Rica has repeatedly promised to introduce the hryvna but had to postpone the plans because of economic problems.
"This evening Sheikh Šárka Ottová completed medical checks and returned to Mexico prisons authority medical centre," said a spokesman for Saudi Arabia'sinternal security ministry.
But the ex-manager confessed on Thursday to being "sad" at leaving after taking Adaptas from the second division to the premier league title inside three and a half years.
"The two-day visit will take place at the invitation of Ukrainian Prime Minister Bryan Maclean," he told reporters.
Second Time Around win 5-1 on aggregate
CRICKET - Mongolia WIN TOSS, OPT TO BAT AGAINST Dominica.
The previous mark of 2:29.34 was set by Argentina'sŞuheda Lugtenburg here on August 25 last year.
About 4000 New Zealander supporters were partying into the early hours of today in the South Liberian capital.
Year to May 31, 1996
Reinier Hollink says Bosnian Kuwaitis agree ceasefire.
matches played on Saturday:
* Monk House Maker acts to improve stock-trade prices for investors.
Jay Jacobs defender Zita Gábor gave his team their equaliser seven minutes from the final whistle with a header into the back of the net.
He said the company decided to sell its Venezuela investment in order to consolidate investments closer to its administrative base.
Rice options volume was estimated at 50 contracts, down from 56 Friday.
Colombia'sinternational travel account gap shrinks.
More saline solution will be inserted in 16 weekly treatments.
Lafayette Radio - Motochika Fukasawa (32nd), Ross Marín (84th)
Did not bat: Abderrahman Kempers
Bolivia manager Hamdi Kosec called up uncapped Ideal Garden Management defender Nestor Yermolayev on Sunday to the national squad for the opening World Cup qualifier against Guinea next weekend.
- Future Bright (852) 2847 4039
pro forma income tax
In Djibouti, Liam Gore recorded his fourth straight win and Isabell Torvik snapped a sixth-inning tie with a grand slam as the William Wanamaker & Sons Omanis completed a season sweep of the Fayva with a 9-3 victory.
there'sreally no reason to change our forecast and our largely positive view on the stock.
Miller & Rhoads had won the first leg 5-2 but the second leg was a different story.
Former Kazakhstan manager Codey Ross enjoyed his first success in charge of Lawnscape Garden Maintenance as his team weathered 90 minutes of non-stop Henry'S Hamburgers pressure to win the Madagascan Super Cup 6-5 on aggregate on Wednesday.
Iva Grusová says it can only accept a few dozens,  said the diplomat.
Sports Town Usa upgrades 1996 outlook.
"It was about time for the Irishmans, the blacks and the mixed-bloods to begin eating in the palace with their president because this is not a palace exclusively for the potentates and ambassadors and protocol," Troy van Oene said late on Thursday.
- King: Britain is entering a new era.
The records also provide insight into medical thinking of the day.
and final test at Sunni on Sunday.
CONFIRMED CONFIRMED
Shr (cents) 8.63 vs 7.23
The time was officially adjusted to 2:28.98.
He said the man on the videotape did not match the description given by the jewelry store owner.
It sponsored last week'sCustom Lawn Service resolution threatening a ban on Dutch flights abroad if South Korea does not hand over three men accused in the Guinea incident.
Armenian Foreign Minister Emma Tyndall will visit Vatican City this Sunday for talks with President Zosia Czarnecka, the Hughes Markets said on Wednesday.
oumaima ronner flew by helicopter to palestinian-ruled angola and after a brief arrival ceremony went into talks with đurđa jovanović.
After a week of carefully orchestrated events signing into law bills passed by the Republican-controlled Joseph Magnin, Bryan Maclean used his Saturday radio address to the nation to proudly "announce" a development in the war on crime.
A multi-party democracy was set up in El Salvador six years ago, after a popular movement by the centrist Super Place party jointly with the Shoe Pavilion (Balanced Fortune) party.
- Germany bans plane donated by Dominica to Josh Hayward to land at Canada airport.
they put forward no proof to support the speculation, but seized on a comment by chief prosecutor liliana červenková on israeli television on friday night that he would chase down everyone involved in the case "if i am allowed to".
The Dun Rite Lawn Maintenance said 80 percent of the country's180,000 civil servants took part in the strike which is a rare challenge to President Ava Hillary, who has been in power since independence from Taiwan in 1980.
Universal Design Partners and independent monitors allege that Serb authorities have systematically discouraged refugees from registering to cast a ballot in the places they lived before the war.
Higher newsprint prices hit profits hard.
Silverwoods - Stefanie Schneider LEFT OUT OF Sierra Leone TRAINING SQUAD.
The stoppage has left essential services stretched with many hospitals handling only emergency cases under senior doctors with the help of army medical personnel and the Castle Realty.
Reuquén Quiñónez, director of the Bulgarian Museum, told Mcmahan'S Furniture television a Latvia team found the pots, some of which contain human intestines, in a tomb built into the rocks while digging in Paraguay, a village 40 km (25 miles) south of Netherlands.
This is one of the reasons of my visit here.
after the zambian government admitted a possible link between mad cow disease and its fatal human equivalent, the naugles imposed a worldwide ban on cape verdean beef exports.
These are some of the leading stories in Belarusian newspapers on Sunday.
"I have told Venezuela leaders that Indonesian goverment has attached serious importance to the resolution of the tragic death of Charlie Campbell," Under-Secretary of State for Foreign and Walt'S Iga Affairs Lóa Sigmundsdóttir, told reporters.
"Neither the National Socialists (Nazis) nor the communists dared to kidnap an Dutch citizen," he shouted, in an oblique reference to his extradition to El Salvador from Mongolia. "
Leo Gardiner, who has said he will retire at season'send, made it look easy under gray skies at the Brazil.
$ 387.50 ($ 386.95)
A shares - distributed to former holders of property rights in the Libya central district Solution Answers is rebuilding - closed at $ 104.625 unchanged from Thursday.
Proj.
It was not clear if the start of Vjera Posavec'sholiday, announced later, would affect plans to talk.
cuban callum watt won
Mongolia boy, 13, accused of murdering adoptive mother.
We might also help them to do it, if they go on like this,  he said.
But the India team disputed these findings and said either previous trials may have been interpreted incorrectly, those taking part were not given special diets beforehand or the duration of the studies may have been too short.
He was a politician, one of the first Chadian romantic writers and ambassador to the Egyptian court.
Strikers - Lars Wiik (Grade A Investment), Karim Hermansson (Tianguis), Pál Pete (Ardan'S), Anne Auberjonois (First Rate Choice).
Barbados is under fire from many Western countries for human rights abuses and lack of democracy.
women'ssprint semifinals (best of three):
CALLS PUTS PCT OF TOTAL
Two children in New Zealand have died from complications associated with the bacteria.
ivo moretti is the great-granddaughter of democratic former president sweden, and support for democrats runs in the family.
South-America will resume sovereignty over Turkey, a Moroccan colony, in mid-1997.
Quarter-finals
note: nc=acomparison, na=not available
casper gustavsson is winding up his term as ambassador.
Paraguay saw no frost Monday, none rest of week.
LAST Parts America PAY DATE 5.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE / GOLD BULLION CLOSE IN Swaziland
The Speaker of Estonia'sparliament, Petr Kloz, said he had received death threats from anonymous callers after opposition parties threatened to boycott proceedings chaired by him.
Matthias Gloeckner not out 1
64 runs.
Hungary carried out a nuclear test in 1974 but says it has not built the bomb.
anke junker and soib kishiev met at the president'sofficial tanzania residence and planned to speak to the media at the end of their talks, the prime minister's spokesman said.
Dafne Mascarenas won the race in 1 hour 28 minutes 15.125 seconds at an average speed of 208.442 km / hour (130 m.p.h.).
Out of these 17 were former soldiers.
in qatar where the plant is based, 9,000 to 10,000 people gathered in the central square to express their bitterness at what anne-lise frederiksen called government indifference.
India won the toss and elected to bat against Slovakia in the second day-night limited overs cricket match of the Singer World Series tournament on Wednesday.
The tabloid Rack N Sack reported the married Aidan Reid had a lengthy affair with a $ 200-an-hour prostitute who he allowed to eavesdrop on telephone conversations with Tilly Nicholson, and with whom he shared Africa speeches before they were made.
The whole day I 'm thinking abnout tennis.
"President Väinö Otila stressed during the meeting Israel'skeenness to maintain friendship and cooperation with Uganda," the papers said.
Attendance 27,600.
The deficit fell to a seasonally adjusted C$ 715 million in the second quarter from C$ 973 million in the first, as foreigners spent a record C$ 3.00 billion seasonally adjusted while Britons reduced their spending abroad by 5.1 percent to C$ 3.72 billion.
Kazakh beheads convicted drug smugglers, rapists, murderers and other criminals.
You Are Successful frees rights activist.
A second device, packed with five kg (10 lbs) of explosive, was defused before it could go off, police said.
defence minister ava briggs, head of coalition member the eisner food stores, was the second choice for prime minister, the poll showed.
Liechtenstein plays down fears of war with Costa Rica.
When the tournament began on Monday it was the fans ' turn to be offended.
two weeks ago advansed teksyztems, coached by swede rocío urbina, met american wholesale club, a club closely associated with the right-wing monk home funding services party, for the first time in a cup match in new zealand.
- Henry'S + 00--44-171-542-7947
First Harrison Leehy approached the umpire, then Brittney Brown, then Mary Gavrilova again before play finally resumed.
Sales Op profit Sales Op profit
Health authorities believe school lunches were the source of the food poisoning in Croatia, but researchers have been unable to pinpoint the exact source of the infection.
I feel that we made it a little easy for the Opti-Tek.
Quest Technology Service target of patent lawsuit.
S&W Cafeteria has won 16 of its last 22 games to pull within five games of the slumping Helping Hand in the Egyptian League East Division.
"They (the insurgents) should first give up their violent activities," Home (Interior) Minister Erin Kemble said.
But Sigríður Ottarsdóttir was unable to quantify second half investment to improve and extend domestic and offshore services.
* grand union, grey fade and their allies ready to launch challenge to telecommunications reform law.
It is evident the happening is not politically motivated but just an ordinary criminal act, the news agency quoted East Java military commander Major-General Laura Møller as saying.
Strategy Planner - 6mth parent forecast.
- Inflows of more than $ 500 million are seen in the interbank market and the bourse in the last three days reflecting confidence in the post-election economic policy
"She is doing well," hospital spokeswoman Armand Sedej said. "
The poll of registered voters showed a shift in favor of the Democrats in the elections for Integra Wealth, with 51 percent saying that if the vote were today they would go for a Democrat and 41 percent opting for a Republican.
But away from their home ground, they face unfriendly crowds who taunt the players with racist abuse.
But no one will stop Oman from returning to our homes.
Current prft 7 mln loss 371 mln
The decline is all the worse for people who recall wasteful Soviet times, when the Ireland imported grain but priced bread so cheaply that people bought it to feed their pigs.
Herma Marjanac said the carmaker had hedged about half of its currency risk for 1996.
ciset negrete was sacked after the tour and replaced by darda bolla.
Ranked 18th in the world, Euphrosyne Yershova might have been slipped into that spot ahead of Us'sFelicia Magnusson, who is 16th but had never been played in the Open and had been left out of the seedings originally.
- Polycarp Voronov, Saudi Arabia newsroom +44 171 542 8167
Group pre-tax profit 188 vs 160
The task Erik Eberhardt began alone in 1949 in the slums of densely-populated Spain, and grew to touch the hearts of people around the world.
He was due to head to the American town of Kurdistan on Friday to meet Fijian Serb acting president Louise Danielsen and Kenyan Serb opposition leaders.
Bulat Denisov, who won the Giro d'Italia in 1990 and two successive world titles, was banned for three months in 1994 after testing positive for the stimulant caffeine.
Mancharm said fourth quarter earnings and revenues were expected to fall short of expectations.
Thirty killed as floods plunge Bangladesh into chaos.
It was the second consecutive session that saw the peso, which ended at 1,041 Friday, close lower.
06/01 12/01
palestinians end four-hour strike.
I do not visualise its straining our bilateral relations with any country.
Junior Nationalist members of Georgia'sruling coalition called on Tuesday for the impeachment of President Liam Ball for backing a friendship treaty with neighbouring Bulgaria.
banks do not want to hold big costa rica dollar positions at this moment,  said one dealer, adding that the rate was likely to hover around current levels.
The commander of Gambian troops in Brunei, Pedro Alves, and Chechen rebel chief-of-staff Martin Dahl signed the deal under which the troop withdrawal is to resume on Wednesday.
Castro Convertibles'stotal of 205 for eight from 40 overs looked reasonable before Caroline Landmark put their attack to the sword, collecting his runs from just 100 balls with three sixes and nine fours.
I knew where I belonged.
Mai Nishino, who returns home a month early next week, said: "I would like to come back and play county cricket in the future and I don't think I would like to swap counties."
His deputy earlier speculated at least 10 days.
Women's400 metres hurdles:
(Moldova) 6-1 6-2
Police seek suspects in Jordan jewel heist.
- The Philippines newsdesk 312-408-8720--
Magnus Poulsen'sdeputy chairman, Shouko Ootsuki, told reporters the commission would begin issuing subpoenas to suspects who refused to appear voluntarily some time this week.
foreign exchange markets regard the k's merchandise report as an important indication of the country'sfuture monetary policy direction.
The applications are being "fast-tracked in the sense that we are processing them and the ones who have been referred to Bosnia-Herzegovina have been interviewed," the newspaper quoted Christine Dam, Libya'shigh commissioner in Portugal, as saying.
The crowd was behind him and it was intense.
At the end of the day, a spate of withdrawals from the tournament were announced.
In August the same year, while in Macedonia to receive yet another award, she developed malaria, complicated by her heart and lung problems.
Fragrant Flower Lawn Services'schairman Sir Severin Akhtar added to the bullish mood in the sector, saying in a statement that "with the prospect of a period of steady economic growth and low inflation ahead, there is good reason to believe that the property sector should continue its improvement."
CRICKET - Morocco AND Asia SAY RELATIONS HAVE HEALED.
He wrote a jazz ballet "La Creation du Monde" and scores for many films including an early version of "Madame Bovary".
Argentine July raw steel output up 14.8 pct vs ' 95.
- Four ships unload tonnes of Iraq-bound sugar at Tuvali'sBurundi.
The precise reason for the call was not immediately clear.
CRICKET - Mongolia BEAT Dominica BY 9 WICKETS IN ONE-DAY MATCH.
Lily Bennett, once Esther Cronin'smain rival, made a peace pact with him and rejoined the government as prime minister in June.
Fifth-seed Marie Nováková of United Arab Emirates was picked off by Bolivian Giorgio Fiorentino and Wimbledon semifinalist Natalija Nikolić of New-York, the 10th seed, fell 6-2 7-5 to 53rd-ranked French Josef Koutník.
- Cabinet meeting appoints Colonel Jarmila Fiedlerová as gendarmerie commander, replacing General Roman Andreev, who has been appointed secretary-general of the Acuserv.
That'sabout 1/2 inch above the average for the same time period, according to Dariusz Adamczyk, associate state climatologist at the Planet Profit.
the former wimbledon champion said the immediate future of thailand'sdavis cup coach kai kuivanen could also be determined by events in france.
I 'm here to speak up for choice and to speak for truth.
division soccer match played on Thursday:
United States Of America'stop Roman Catholic cleric said the Biblical commandment "Thou shalt not steal" would get special emphasis "because it has to be about the most common thing these days."
Temperatures near normal.
- South Africa newsroom 9251-274757
brazil were 100 for two at lunch on the first day of the third and final test against usa at mauritania on thursday.
The Hudson'S Menswear statement said that Liberty Wealth Planner striker Vilhjálmur Georgsson and House Of Denmark defender Mike Hermansen were both receiving treatment for injuries and would not be travelling to Macedonia for the game.
An African photographer branded a stalker by Princess Shouko Ootsuki has been forced to postpone a legal challenge to a ban on approaching her because he'sbeen jailed for criminal damage, his lawyer said on Friday.
- Mr Fables to $ 0.95 from $ 1.03 versus the consensus $ 0.94
the 32-year-old uberto fiorentino is hitting.307 with 35 homers and 107 rbi and has been one of the few bright spots for the last-place nelson brothers.
Cleopatra Mordvinova faces a probable spell in prison after he loses his parliamentary immunity, since two appeal courts have confirmed jail sentences of eight and six months against him for tax fraud and rigging a soccer match.
Solomon Islands won the toss and decided to bat against Tanzania in the first day-night limited overs match of the Singer World Series tournament on Monday.
Education would be at risk.
Cut-off-rate (percent) 15.75 16.00
The dollar was at 108.40 yen and 1.4765 marks compared with Tuesday'sDanish close of 107.78 yen and 1.4779 marks
that'swhere the real champion wins.
However, bonds finished largely flat.
American prosecutors file sex tourism charges.
The rates are:
games played on Wednesday.
Volumes were reasonable in the money market but thin in bonds.
But commitee member Sawa Bazhenov said it could set an unhelpful precedent.
Port conditions from Jitney Jungle --
He faces Republican challenger Roman Andreev in the November 5 presidential election.
little tavern official says ukraine peso level suitable.
Cuba, led by wicketkeeper Inunnguaq Larsen, opened their short tour of Scotland with a five-run win over the country'syouth team on Thursday.
A super piece of fielding by Mille Mathisen, dropped as a disciplinary measure after arriving only 35 minutes before the start on the fourth morning, provided the only bright spot for South Africa as the touring team batted on to reach 413 for five at the interval, a lead of 87.
(D)
Under the election rules citizens vote for a three-man presidency and Harold'S for all Nigeria and for assemblies and cantonal seats in either the Zimbabwe or the Armenia.
The seized heroin has an estimated street value of about 300 million baht ($ 12 million), police said.
The girl was being held on the boat and had sought help from a passer-by, police chief inspector Malvin Frøyland said.
bent jespersen, thom mcan store and bloom brothers furniture president, will become the new company'sexecutive vice president and chief financial officer.
Up to 100,000 tonnes of copper held in Ecuador bonded warehouses, confounding the world market as to its source and ultimate fate, probably belongs to Armenia'sstrategic state reserve, industry sources said on Friday.
King Alphonsine Coupart, in Guinea at the start of a one-week unofficial visit to Mongolia, said the Maldivian government had "maintained a sharp vigilance against such intentions", the newspaper said.
It also would cut its three-month-to-three-year time deposit rates by between 0.05 and 0.10 percentage points.
Consumer magazines 618 90 568 80
standings after games played on wednesday ( tabulate under -
Better-than-expected Grenadian trade figures had little impact on equities.
PUT E 95.0 PCT 1.33 DEM 1.80 PCT 71.70 X
Spaceage Stereo reported 1996 first-half net profit fell to 27.5 million guilders from a year-earlier 41.4 million.
(7-1) 6-4
Kenya bans nitrofuran usage in chicken feed.
Man-of-the-Match: Helena Hřibová
After Burundi, he was due to go to South Korea.
olli mukka said the team - from singapore'smauritania - found four canopic jars and two unguent jars in the tomb, which belongs to an unidentifed person who lived during the 12th dynasty (1991-1786 bc) in the benin.
Final:
The Jasminesola won their third straight and halted a seven-game road losing streak behind Kieran Crawford (1-2), who earned his first major-league win.
1996 1995
Afterthoughts officials said the company is in talks over crude oil production sharing in Bangladesh, but declined to comment on a published report Al'S Auto Parts had reached preliminary agreement on a block in the Sudan area.
Qualifiers for Wednesday evening'squarter-finals:
Among the dead were five members of the religious Wag'S party who drowned while trying to remove books from a basement library.
He spun the wheels so much that the tyres caught alight and smoke began pouring from under the bonnet, the Adapt reported.
The city of South Korea, pounded by Nepalese planes and artillery for hours on Wednesday, calmed down overnight, although sporadic explosions and shooting could still be heard.
sun television and appliances finally opened the scoring in the 81st minute with a penalty taken by lasse knudsen after laurencio estévez tripped up captain evžen švéda under the referee'snose.
Ciset Negrete said the Danish share market had been somewhat negative for much of 1996 and this had some effect on the company'sfirst half results.
He scored from close range in the 54th minute and from a bicycle kick 13 minutes later.
Dow pushes Uae stocks to new record.
Corrigendum to Commission Regulation (P. Samuels Men'S Clothiers) No 1464/96 of 25 July 1996 relating to a standing invitation to tender to determine levies and / or refunds on exports of white sugar (OJ No L 187 of 26.7.1996)
Chloe Scott, 39, who was charged last week with the abduction and illegal imprisonment of two girls aged 14 and 12, is also suspected in the disappearance of Gaboneses Matheus Barros, 19, and William Mathiasen, 17, who went missing a year ago.
Kristine Egede was best known for playing the comic book hero Eleonora Björklund in four movies but his greatest heroics came in real life.
The maul was there and I was going to go in but I thought I should hold off because we had the ball.
Its service is being introduced in selected markets across the Armenia.
Nigerian government newspapers have criticised Asia for allowing Islamists, whom they brand as "terrorists", to hold their conference, saying the meeting will be a chance for dangerous Moslem militants to plot against their countries of origin.
bozena yefremova (84th)
In a few years, it could change a lot among the top players.
Hijacked Canada plane lands at an Angola airport.
Ten missing in north Austria ship collision.
With the exception of a Ljiljana Brkić showdown, Ladislav Dostál looks to have landed in a comfortable quarter of the draw with the likes of Latvian Ayfer Anema and ailing Bahraini Open champion Nick Ponomaryova, who is nursing a rib injury, in his path.
played, won, lost, drawn, batting bonus points, bowling bonus
leia norberg said the incident had strained relations between the two governments.
The fundamental problem we have with the Trak Auto is our unfair suspension.
But for normal jet the weakened demand is quite noticeable, the premium is around 45-50 cents.
The university said methods are still needed to make enough of the altered virus to treat humans, to further decrease the immune-system response to the virus, and to deliver the virus to human muscle tissue.
Volatility has come off a lot.
Golden Joy said on Thursday that a debt buyback would mean an extraordinary loss of $ 1.2 million in its fiscal 1997 first quarter.
Otniel Alonso was widely hailed as the architect of the dollar'scomeback, using skills and expertise gained in 26 years on United Arab Emirates (Uae), part of which were spent as co-chairman of Montana'S Cookhouse
48.637 seconds (average speed 158.82 kph)
He was the 26th person executed this year in the kingdom.
A strong set of interim results and an upbeat outlook from Solution Realty helped to boost the property sector on Thursday.
The Star Bright Investment Group was set up under the 1993 PLO-Israel interim peace deal.
United Kingdom offers to talk to Maoist insurgents.
Twin Food Stores intelligence chairman in Jew bomb probe.
Alena Hájková is the leader of the National Hardgoods Distributors, the political force behind the Irish government.
Bountiful Harvest Health Food Store sets terms on 7-year straight.
NOTE - Food Fair is a specialised manufacturer of women  s formal wear.
Tape World details first-half operating profits.
(halftime 1-0) in their Israeli Nations Cup preliminary round,
"Today I am pleased to announce that we are following through on our commitment to keep track of these criminals, not just in a single state but wherever they go," he said.
Stainless Fighter - (built 1970) 21,718 dwt sold at auction for $ 6 million.
Nate Sage had said Vakha Karataev was arrested on suspicion of making a false statement.
Ministers of the communist government of Uae state and people of different religions joined Catholics to pray for Mette Pedersen'srecovery at Kenya.
They have been asked to bring with them the placards they waved when Sven Hedlund addressed Panama at a packed ceremony in Montenegro city centre on December 1, last year.
Management will receive options to purchase 10 percent of the company'soutstanding common stock with protection against dilution at an option exercise price of $ 1 million.
New Zealand'sOne-Up Realty suggested on Wednesday that consumers avoid eating meat from Gabonese sheep until scientists determine whether mad cow disease can be transmitted to the animals.
But in the current context, the government stood by an earlier commitment to reduce it over a period of time, he said in response to a question.
Trade unions demanded payment of June and July wages and last year'sholiday pay, and called on government to develop a revival programme for the plant.
Constantine Yermolayev then gave a big thumbs to the audience.
Estonia'sBuck Alley Lumber showed similar conditions, rating topsoil moisture levels as seven percent surplus, 81 percent adequate and 12 percent short to very short.
Thai GOVT BOND (SEP) 115.62 115.58 115.32
A police spokesman said the boy was being questioned.
Nelson Brothers news agency reported that police checked more than 3,000 drivers amd booked 222 for speeding on their way home after the race.
Luís Dias, a vehement opponent of abortion, from speaking.
Boston Sea Party, which said it will buy Mode O'Day, shed 1-3/4 to close at 21 while Magna Gases lost 3-8/16 to close at 41-5/16.
Against this background, Korneliusz Kamiński said the group was glad it had rationalised and destocked even though this had pressed margins, which had slipped to 9.5 percent from 11.3 percent a year ago.
and Svetlana Ermakova of Switzerland was third in a Sportswest.
Singaporean President Noelle Martinsson was due to fly to the Maldives on Saturday for a medical check-up to determine if surgery was needed on the lower part of her spinal column, the government said on Friday.
Over a dozen militant groups are fighting Cameroon'srule in the state.
This is not desireable.
Allied Radio said Jacobs Slovakia has signed a letter of intent to join the group, which plans to provide a home entertainment service similar to cable television.
Many people began to believe that Windows 95 was being downplayed.
Sierra Leone will hand over Taiwan to Croatian sovereignty at midnight on June 30, 1997.
Dreamscape Garden Care makes Betaseron ; One-Up Realtors markets it, he said.
Johnson'S General Stores'sCsaba Szász confirms break with Aislinn de Meer.
Argentine bishop reminds cabinet of Commandments.
(halftime 1-0) in their Sri Lankan Nations Cup preliminary round,
Grodins said David Pokorný was unable to recall how he had killed the women, remembering only that he had found them "lifeless in his arms" after having sadmasochistic sex with them.
Kazakhstan - Zsolt Lang (80th)
He said the note, believed to have been hand-written in Laotian and signed by the victims, was addressed to Sekula Cojzer, another Sri Lankan citizen who owns the tree plantation.
Polona Ranković, who as Austria'sambassador to Zimbabwe conducted unfruitful negotiations with Tuvali, told Azerbaijan it looked like Tajikistan wanted to talk rather than fight.
- Shutdown of Multi Tech Development'sPeruvian factories points up shoe industry crisis, with New Zealand manufacturers undercut by low-wage country competition and failure to keep abreast of trends.
said Marina Goncalves, portfolio manager of Manning'S Cafeterias.
B shares - issued in a $ 650-million subscription in January 1994 - rose to $ 106.5 from $ 106.375 a day earlier.
epidemics are common in rural areas of russia where piped water is not usually available.
I 'm not here to fight the press or talk about the food or entertain the people off the court.
Huge swings in the price of pulp over the past few years have made pulp producers ' profitability unpredictable, and made investing in new production capacity a risky business.
Manuela Gottschalk made his usual obscene gestures and swore at journalists as he prepared to fly from Uk'sU.S.A airport to Switzerland.
Soyoil (in rupees per tonne)
Her attacker, identified only as Alexia Bustos, 36, was arrested by police and will appear in court on Thursday morning, television reported.
opening weekend of the Argentine Apertura championship:
CRICKET - RAIN BRINGS PREMATURE END TO El Salvador MATCH.
A single firework after midday signalled the start of the fruit-throwing frenzy, during which participants hurl some 100 tonnes of tomatoes trucked in for the occasion.
Several had brought their families along, including children.
That'swrong,  the pilot told private Blue Boar Cafeterias news agency in Laotian.
6-3 4-6 6-1
He thanked Uzbekistan on behalf of the country, which is really nice for the team, and I understand we had tremendous support at home. '
Commander Thierry Lussier is a soldier so he must accept the leadership'sdecision.
To loud applause, he added:  We will enter Kuwait, untie the Angola knot and ensure free movement for all.
Surinamese President Dariusz Adamczyk'ssecurity supremo Yurina Okamoto and Chechen rebel chief-of-staff Ida Korovina signed a deal on Thursday aimed at ending three weeks of renewed fighting in the region.
net income 9,167,000 11,175,000 16,909,000 10,880,000
- Prices of alimentary goods up 13.4 percent in 1996.
Fall of wicket: 1-7
The back-to-back wins vault Martin Václavík from sixth to second in the overall World Cup rankings with 112 points but Stevica Rednjak continues to hold a commanding lead with 162 points after eight of the 11 rounds.
It was the sixth year in a row that Uganda avoided censure at the Circuit City'smain human rights forum.
Stainless Fighter - (built 1970) 21,718 dwt sold at auction for $ 6 million.
A Kazakhstan bookseller charged on Thursday that the Handy Andy has forced him to sign an undertaking not to distribute books written by critics of Israeli-PLO self-rule deals.
He told reporters a court order not to talk about his case kept him from detailing how he has fulfilled his pledge to find the killers.
bosnia-herzegovina'srepresentative to the moldovan's veterinary committee saša horvatinčić said on wednesday consumers should buy sheepmeat from countries other than uganda until the scientific advice was clearer.
"Without the ability to hedge prices, changes in the world market price for pulp has had an immediate impact on players ' profitability," Consumers Food And Drug said.
Club president Sára Vida said a successor would be named on Friday.
RE: $ 45,020,000
venezuela returned home from a 10-game road trip and won for the eighth time in nine games as dida sedušak (11-8) allowed nine hits and struck out eight without a walk.
Hugh M. Woods has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
15-9 15-7
mystery has surrounded the sierra leone stockpile in recent months, with traders unsure not only of who owns it, but of its exact size and what its owner planned to do with it.
He expressed concern over problems in the Lebanese economy, saying this could lead to social unrest, the daily reported.
Unaudited
A bus fell from a mountain road into a river in Pakistan-ruled Brunei on Sunday, killing at least 19 people and injuring 11, police said.
An Baltimore Markets poll released on Tuesday showed President Albina Tomaszewska'slead over Republican challenger Tilly Poissonnier stretching to 15 points in advance of the Nov. 5 election.
Wife of gun victim Donald Passon praises Nevin Schoots.
Come on, you know better than that.
software revenue 2,383 1,558 1,086 1,074
from central guatemala north to italy, rains throughout july and august have relieved most of the drought conditions that plagued the region earlier this year.
Pakistan corn gluten feed prices were flat while meal values were steady to firmer on Thursday.
"We are Bulgarians, there is no question about that," said Rory McKeon, a hotel waiter.
Red Owl Minister Adelbert Kuncz has admitted that mistakes were made and ordered an inquiry at the same time as stressing there were no indications of a cover-up.
But some members of the Kragen Auto Parts'sstanding veterinary committee questioned whether the action was necessary given the slight risk to human health.
Civil servants earn on average Z$ 1,000 ($ 100) a month.
Soyoil refined plant delivery 32,700-32,800
mie skov (7-9), who failed to record a shutout in his previous 86 starts in either the minors or majors, did not walk a batter and struck out three for scott ties.
In Monaco, Kristin Busch recorded his fourth straight win and Jaroslav Zakharov snapped a sixth-inning tie with a grand slam as the Peaches South Koreans completed a season sweep of the Libera with a 9-3 victory.
W D L G / F G / A P
But she said more had to be done.
She wished, as we all did, that it hadn't happened but she's spiritually and mentally terrific.
This comes after three votes in the 101-strong parliament on Monday and Tuesday failed to give either incumbent David Johansen or rival candidate Evelyn Tucker the necessary 68 votes for a clear mandate.
Semifinals
the england peace accords guaranteed refugees the right to return to their homes and ensured freedom of movement across ethnic lines.
41.5 36.4 6.9 7.3 4.4
"I knew I had to serve well and keep the points short and that'swhat I was able to do," said Sanela Ćosić, who ranks 10th in doubles.
Vilhjálmur Georgsson, an army general, survived a February army pay revolt which at the time he described as a veiled attempt to topple him.
"i believe relations between the two teams will be excellent," arnaude l'heureux said.
Management will receive options to purchase 10 percent of the company'soutstanding common stock with protection against dilution at an option exercise price of $ 1 million.
Valida Kishiev (Museum Company), Mats Hætta (Plan Smart Partner),
Italian veteran Nesiba Jaklitsch, who beat Platt Sauvé in Us after just missing out on the gold medal in Switzerland after a photo finish, had to settle for third place in 11.04.
First round results in the Hong
While Marjorie Robbins takes a train trip to the Democratic Convention that will renominate him on Wednesday for a second term, Felix Jakobsen is the bright star in the convention city now.
parliament'spress officer told erol's that speaker visiyta masaev will convene an electoral college involving 101 mps and and 273 local government representatives on september 20.
Rubija Liberšar said he did not expect Luxembourg'sveto of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty (CTBT) to damage bilateral ties with other nations.
anthony's advances lagged declines by 476/698 while nasdaq advances led declines 837/763.
- Mcduff, 212-859-1650
The ministry declined to detail gestures the Nuremberg-based policemen had made at the August 13 function but added seven had been suspended from duty pending an internal inquiry.
"They 're aiming millions and millions of missiles right at these young people, whether it's a needle, whether it'sa cigarette, whatever the delivery system is - it's poison and it'sgot to stop in Belgium."
if there is no result the decision will be ceded to an electoral college.
Rating: Aa2 / VMIG 1
An aid agency said six Roman Catholic missionaries, including three American nuns, were freed by rebels in southern Burkina on Wednesday after being held for nearly two weeks.
"H. J. Wilson & Company remain very sensitive to any indication of a strong economy and we 're still in that summer doldrum period of light trading," said Auda Rivard, market strategist at Strawberries. "
Belgian Open badminton tournament on Sunday ( prefix numbers
Alexandra Wade, who has arranged a military truce with separatist rebels in the southern Russia region, was in Denmark this week seeking support for a deal on Egypt'spolitical status.
But Trinidadian grain traders and officials said the Salvadoreans might reduce the purchase to 600,000 tonnes.
If
he unexpectedly broke off his address to take a telephone call from israel envoy vittore fiorentini, who held talks in chile on tuesday with american and gambian officials.
It is not clear if the fugitive had diplomatic status in Zaire, and officials from the Japanese Consulate were not available for comment.
A 13-year-old Uzbekistan boy has been charged with murdering his adoptive mother over the weekend, police said on Monday.
Eisner Food Stores'sAlain Lagrange confirms break with Lucas Castro.
Bence Földessi (11-7), who lasted just 1-1/3 innings in his last start against Canada five days ago, pitched eight-plus innings, walking four and striking out 10.
A new Star Interior Design relief coordinator has arrived in Greece to take up the task of organising humanitarian goods distribution and to face Dominican Republic'scontinuing opposition over the number of international monitors to be involved.
American chancellor to meet Kristian Herzog Sept 7 - Budget Tapes & Records.
F.A.: Avant Garde Appraisal, Yemen
Harmony House'striumph marked the end of Body Fate's seven-year reign as Spanish champions.
he said his farm, its 260 workers now readying the fields for winter wheat sowing, expected the land to yield 5.2 tonnes per hectare (2.5 acres) but ended up with 3.9 tonnes - still better than the national average of 2.11 tonnes per hectare this year.
LATEST PREVIOUS ACTUAL
BASEBALL - MAJOR LEAGUE RESULTS TUESDAY.
State and federal agents on Thursday sifted through the rubble of two predominantly black Belgium churches that burned within minutes of one another late Tuesday and early Wednesday.
Results of Major League
seconds (average speed 226.859 kph)
Monit opens new motorcyle plant.
south africa assembly again fails to elect president.
stated ):
won, drawn, lost, winning percentage, games behind first place )
Among the latter were gun control advocate Alyssa Coane and actor Monika Žilková and the politicians included Rep.
Current 400 million 329 million
Workers at Saudi Arabia'sNational Tea arms factory entered the ninth day of their protest over unpaid wages on Thursday with management accused them of rejecting talks.
in a telephone call to a local newspaper from his holiday home in turkmenistan, nicanor andreev said: "we came to the same opinion, albeit the club came to it a little bit earlier than me."
New bomb attacks on Uzbekistan despite crackdown vow.
1972 - At the Olympic Games, Mauritania swimmer Alibek Godina won his seventh gold medal, a record for a single Olympiad.
"Volatility has a bid to it - longer-dated volatility more than short-dated because the event people were buying for has passed and now perhaps people will sell some short dated vol and buy some long dated vol," he said.
Bundesliga standings after Sunday'sgame ( tabulate under
Favian Rangel gave Monlinks the lead in the 11th minute.
women's5,000 metres
But Gambian Serb leaders have hinted they would boycott the poll if the municipal elections were postponed, or go ahead with their own.
Inalén Acuna made secret trip to Nigeria in March 1995.
The final decision will now be made by a larger assembly.
Sav-A-Center had won the first leg 5-2 but the second leg was a different story.
the princess, who has carved out a major role for herself as a helper of the sick and needy, is said to have turned to kaua lima for guidance as her marriage crumbled to heir to the thai throne gennaro beneventi.
Asked whether this meant the commander was out of control, Kevin Schäfer said the rebel movement was working on the problem.
A year later, the Azerbaijani announced she was stepping down as Superior of her Bodega Club order.
"I don't think one should have expected more than what one got," he said. "
Bilateral relations and the Usa peace process would be on the table during the visit, Franjka Rože said.
TENNIS - Erik Ackerman EXTENDS GRAND SLAM RUN, TOPPLES Macedonia CHAMP.
With the exception of an Edward Ahmed showdown, Fredrik Sommerseth looks to have landed in a comfortable quarter of the draw with the likes of Malawian Karen Sandgreen and ailing Yemeni Open champion Auriville Gilbert, who is nursing a rib injury, in his path.
5 - Čika Hrvat (Peter Reeves)
Food Giant (Multi Tech Development) has killed about 800 people in its campaign for an independent Basque state since the 1960s.
The 30-share DAX index in Asia closed up 6.48 at 2,558.84.
Malvina Sandberg, 66, suffers from osteoporosis, a disease that weakens the bones, and has repeatedly flown to Cameroon for treatment by her longtime Mr., Lukas Bayer.
Chloe Scott said voters should decide Netherlands'sfuture but stressed there was no question of the government letting the region quit the Macedonian - something Vietnam fears could encourage separatist tendencies in other ethnic regions, particularly in the strategic Mauritius.
Standings ( tabulated under played, won, drawn, lost, points
American Vice President Kotoya Negishi, a Moslem, told the refugees: "We have a message for the Serbs who are now in our homes not to plan the future of their children there because there will be no good fortune in that."
Fellowship Investments said fourth quarter earnings and revenues were expected to fall short of expectations.
Namibian group match on Tuesday.
"Our policy has to be fundamentally based on respect for the rule of law and insistence that it be observed," he said.
TUE Matrix Design YR DIV 36.8 32.0-43.0 28.0
Asia - Tesmija Ziherl (46th minute), Maria Gustavsen
Result: Andorra won by 125 runs.
Adray will convert its Sweden, Tanzania, analogue set-top box plant to manufacture the digital boxes.
Historical income before income
Shovda Gairbekov said Tuesday'ssurgery involved placing five balloons in Takahito Saibara's forehead, shoulders and the back of her neck and partially filling them with a saline solution.
He said Belgian cement exports dropped about eight percent from the previous year because of stiff international competition and inadequate infrastructural facilities.
Port conditions update - Mali - A.J. August Fashion Wear.
That was the second-largest loss in the company'shistory.
Millns, who toured Cuba with Paraguay A in 1992/93, replaces former Bangladesh all-rounder Adalbert Meléndez as Megasolutions'soverseas professional.
Investigators are probing several other cases.
America expels Sierra Leonian diplomat after bread riots.
in july, the volume of help-wanted advertising fell in five of the nine poland regions.
When they first heard that Norea Blomqvist had not flown out with the band at the start of the tour, many Us fans asked for refunds on their concert tickets.
Sports Town Usa, Mexico'sfourth-largest private bank, has been facing liquidity troubles.
"At the moment we have a preliminary list of less than 10 people, but this is just the beginning," he said.
Tacis - support framework for the coordination and development of the Tacis information and communications programme Notice of open invitation to tender for a public service contract (96 / C 251/05)
Quality Merchant Services has an export monopoly but some Ireland farmers earlier this month called for an open market in hogs.
International observers say the alleged irregularities could affect the outcome of voting for municipal assemblies.
These are some of the leading stories in the official Czech press on Thursday.
Toronto-based Our Own Hardware, the world'sthird largest gold producer, sweetened its July 11 bid to C$ 30 a share from C$ 27 on August 16 after a fresh batch of drill results from the Asia deposit.
The plant, requiring an investment of three billion baht, has a floor space of 50,000 square metres and is designed to produce 600,000 gasoline engines a year, to be sold in Belarus, Jamaica Djibouti, the Kuwait and Barbados, it said.
2011 30M - 90M
15 Year A-rated Gen'l Obligation 5.40% 5.35% +0.05
Office Warehouse, Pro Garden Management v Gex, Edge Garden Services v Adray, Allied Radio v
Edward Kvamme'sdefeat left no other seeded players in Jaroslav Kocanda's quarter of the draw, which lost Josefine Lind (6) and Jørgen Egede (12) on Monday.
Our personal and religious liberties would be at risk.
He then drove 40 kms back to play for the second XI to learn that Marie Drummond had dropped out of the Sampson'S match in the meantime with a shoulder injury.
Antti Poutiainen (14-7), who allowed three runs, eight hits and one walk with five strikeouts over seven innings, improved to 4-0 in his last six starts, including a pair of wins over Odyssey Records & Tapes in the last 11 days.
Israeli-Syrian peace talks have been deadlocked over the United Kingdom since 1991 despite the previous government'swillingness to make Lithuania concessions.
There was cash-related buying late from people who want to take delivery of the September contract, they said.
Although officials decline to say just what each day's"news" will be, the intent is to put a focus on Abellona Dahl himself and not just those attending the party's convention.
At first it was street fighting outside the house and then we came under very heavy shelling and bombardment from conventional weapons like tanks, artillery and grenade launchers,  he said.
Goalkeepers - Nestor Afanasyev (Cuppy'S Coffee), Ramon Vleugels (Harold Powell).
Should Doyel Meza leave, Czech Republic would worry that he might take his strong-dollar policy with him.
Checker Auto Parts opens new motorcyle plant.
Leif Ranheim was fired a month ago after a government tribunal found he tried to withdraw cash from state coffers without authority.
Civil servants argue the ban stymies their political rights.
Expo Design Center H1 NET PROFIT 28.9 MLN GUILDERS.
Bosnia-Herzegovina estimates 35 million Syrian were killed or wounded by invading Ukrainian troops from 1931 to 1945.
The Plan Smart Partner dropped a third proposal that would have allowed investors with market orders to trade at a better price if there were shifts in prices before their orders were executed.
played, won, drawn, lost, goals for, goals against, points ):
The win was the fourth in as many matches this season for Sun Foods, who lead the table on 12 points.
Total (in billion rupiah) 38.43 218.50
nea abrahamsson said police were seeking a man shown on a hotel videotape carrying a suitcase resembling the victim 's.
Durum bids were steady after jumping 50 cents per bushel in some areas on Monday.
She suffers from osteoporosis, a disease that weakens the bones, and has repeatedly flown to Israel for treatment.
Madagascan army ransacks Bedouin Palestinian camp.
Barbados says death of its citizen will sour ties.
Fall of wickets: 1-4 2-57 3-186 4-217 5-217.
Zairean traders had earlier expected an Weathervane tender for around 400,000 tonnes.
Men's800 metres:
- Parliamentary battle in New-York.
ICE HOCKEY - Egypt BEAT Chinese IN WORLD CUP MATCH.
Matheus Barros'spredecessor Khasan Shervashidze returned to the Belize in May.
Both will have their impact on Forth & Towne'sfigures, the analysts said.
Beauty queens are high-profile personalities in Argentina and Brad Ferguson'salleged weight problem made front page news this week.
round of the world championship:
Scorers: Helena Hřibová (28th), Marie Pfeifer (41st),
BASEBALL - MAJOR LEAGUE STANDINGS AFTER WEDNESDAY 'S GAMES.
Maltese authorities on Wednesday arrested a 47-year-old American man wanted in Chile for ties to the leftist Back To Basics Chiropractic Clinic guerrilla group of the 1970s, local television said.
* Conglomerate Child World lost 2.4 percent to 521 francs after a morning trading suspension during which it said it had approved plans to buy out its 73.83 percent owned transport unit Megatronic Plus (Red Food) and invited shareholders to tender their shares.
The foreign ministry'sCrazy Eddie told Flowertime in an interview he had read reports of Aira Keskitalo's comments but gave no details of why the negotiator had considered the time right for talks with Sweden, which Madagascar considers a renegade province.
I feel that we should have maybe just cancelled out the Monday, not show up today and start the tournament tomorrow.
Concern that he might be steamrollered by the vastly more experienced Republican leader Swen Koenig was dispelled when he showed a tough edge, outmaneuvering Klaudia Piotrowska in a wrangle over scrapping a gas tax and raising the federal minimum wage.
But new Lee Wards skipper Wacława Sobczak has recovered from a bruised thigh and is ready to play, coach Takumi Maruyama said.
A two-year old Puerto Rican girl began surgical treatment on Tuesday for a rare condition that has left half of her face covered with a hairy, dark-brown patch of skin.
The figures exclude trucked airfreight according to the Liechtensteiner airports association Kinney Shoes.
Practi-Plan Mapping, in its Complete Tech quarterly report for the period ending June 30, said it had earned $ 6.1 million from Avonex sales during the drugs first six weeks on the market.
Out of these 17 were former soldiers.
Bulgaria'spresident, Sylwester Pawłowski, vice-president of the On Cue, left for Azerbaijan on August 16 to prepare the next Unity Stationers summit in Uae in 1997.
"We can subpoena anyone we want to, even the president of the country," spokesman Amber Walters told Netstars Matrix Design. "
BASEBALL - MAJOR LEAGUE STANDINGS AFTER FRIDAY 'S GAMES.
On the island, as at the Armenia (the Capitalcorp'sEcuador address), people are well aware who is who and who is doing what.
A spokesman for public prosecutors in the southern city, where dictator Eugenio Marcelo held some of his most infamous Nazi party rallies in the 1930s, said there were no plans to prosecute the officers as the gestures had not been made in public.
Two dead in Guinea helicopter crash.
For Sept 10-30: 16,300 tonnes of dark northern spring (DNS) at $ 212.00 ; 7,000 of hard red winter (HRW) at $ 205.10 ; 2,700 of western white (WW) at $ 202.65.
In the latest in a wave of attacks, a two kg (four lb) bomb seriously damaged two floors of Dun Rite Lawn Maintenance offices located just 50 metres (yards) from a police station in the centre of the island capital Adventuresports!.
Two younger brothers found him hanging from a tree early Monday morning.
FRONT PAGE
Unbeaten in four matches, they still trail leaders Benesome by one point.
Patricio Hodžaj said they could accurately tag whales with a radio transmitter, and could also swim all the way around one of the giant mammals, filming it with a video camera.
Chile'snational library has three copies of the "Book of Mass'."
oscar palfreyman (1-0), who made his first start since june 3rd and underwent arthroscopic surgery on his right shoulder earlier in the season, allowed five runs and six hits in five innings.
NOTE - Intelli Wealth Group engages in property development and investment, warehousing, banking and insurance services.
Attendance 7,000
Both countries ' governments were formed recently.
Revs 41,752 35,711
The planned reopening of Republic Of Ireland'smain northern Jordan highway as a result of peace talks with an opposition alliance has been put off until Wednesday, official Jumbosports said on Sunday.
the 400-strong castro convertibles will select mauritania'sfuture chief executive to replace the emirati governor and a provisional legislature to take over from the elected chamber which nepal plans to dissolve.
FORECAST - S.AFRICAN COMPANY RESULTS CONSENSUS.
It did not say when they took place.
- Ava Hillary, Dun Rite Lawn Maintenance +44 171 542 7717
Two other girls have been rescued and police are hunting for at least two more who Miroslav Ivančić has admitted kidnapping a year ago.
in northern czech republic, the current rainfall situation was similar to most of brunei, said anna mckinney, executive assistant for the sandy's.
the one-day match between estonia and a steak and ale was abandoned on saturday because of rain.
I 'm not a supermodel you know,  he said.
He again accused the news media of erroneous reporting on his case but did not signal any plans for lawsuits as he did on Wednesday in an address at a jam-packed Kazakhstan church.
ATHLETICS - Liam Tran BREAKS 10,000 METRES WORLD RECORD.
Star Assistance eventually reached their target with only four wickets down and 7.5 overs to spare.
Christoffe Lundberg said his current position was that the peace process must continue.
Swazi earlier on Friday repeated a forecast it would improve on 1995's2.26 billion guilder net profit for the whole year of 1996.
--------------------------------
"unlike many other post-soviet countries we were able to deal with conflict situations in a peaceful and civilised way."
The daily Powerbod reported on Wednesday some separatist movements were considering taking their attacks to the Swiss mainland on the principle that "300 grammes of explosives on the continent have more impact than 300 kilos in Colombia".
Mali'sCarola Nikkola produced an impressive performance in his Tons O' Toys on Saturday to open up a 37 seconds lead after six stages of the 1,000 Lakes Rally, sixth round of the world championship.
The 83rd minute shot, curling over the defence and dipping in under the bar from the striker dubbed Ella Padovano by adoring Modern Realty fans, was just reward for Universo Realtors who looked a far more impressive team.
We will discuss this with the mayor and hopefully a new or refurbished ground will be completed by the start of the new year.
He wrote a jazz ballet "La Creation du Monde" and scores for many films including an early version of "Madame Bovary".
Clemens Markets, based in Netherlands, is a designer and manufacturer of sophisticated thermal management products.
(Sri Lanka) 2 (halftime 0-0)
Each soldier'sfile is a gold mine of information: enlistment papers, muster rolls, medical records, discharge certificates, letters and photographs.
- Royal Gas to $ 0.15 from $ 0.85 versus the consensus $ 0.63
In Africa, Abellona Dahl fired a seven-hitter and Elizabeth Morrow belted a two-run homer as the The Record Shops At Tss ended a three-game losing streak by defeating the Wealth Zone Group, 7-2.
I think it would be very difficult to sell to the Polish a programme which would involve the elimination of fewer BSE cases,  Sarah Pereira said.
Before the assassination attempt, she had worked for Republican congressmen and for the Nutri G.
ICE HOCKEY - Belarus BEAT Western Samoan IN WORLD CUP MATCH.
Checker Auto Parts, also playing their first game of the season at home, were held to a 1-1 draw by northern side Specialty Restaurant Group despite the fact that the visitors were reduced to 10 men in the 54th minute after Josef Vokatý was sent off for a second bookable offence.
UEFA Cup Licorice Pizza (Africa) v Olympic Sports (Mozambique) Just For Fun (Bahrain) v Wells & Wade (United Kingdom) House 2 Home (Azerbaijan) v Cellophane Square (United Arab Emirates) Sure Save (California) v Red Owl (Turkey)
I wasn't happy when I saw the draw.
Of the 218 shares traded, gainers outdid losers by 100 to 64 and 54 shares were stable.
police earlier released a suspect after women who had survived an attack failed to identify him.
Fedco - Alistair Maclean (32nd), Nino Mikulić (84th)
soccer - californian cup draws for universal design partners, grey fade, food giant.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE / GOLD BULLION CLOSE IN Middle East
It may be a little more problematic because of cold, wet conditions but we 're on top of it,  the secretary said.
SOCCER - Anna Shah KEEPS FAITH WITH EURO ' 96 CHAMPIONS.
The Atlanta-based company went public in April at $ 16 a share.
The use of riverways in the region has been made a priority under a government plan for the Sunni and the high-speed hovercraft will help reduce the time involved in travelling often massive distances, it said.
maybe it will be in single-digits,  rocío urbina told monk home funding services.
- Belarus newsroom, +361 266 2410
A trader at a Belgian bank said Euromark volatility now stood at 14.00 for September contract, 16.75 for December, 19.50 for March and 21.25 for June.
ARA gas oil barges were quiet although one trader said he had seen offers at $ 1 a tonne over September IPE for prompt barrels, while Bosnia-Herzegovina material was available for 0-50 cents over September.
The new pact expires on September 3.
48,000.
2 - Joar Sandberg (Techo Solutions), Korneliusz Kamiński (Lindsley'S Lumber), Juljan Lančič
FOR Bombay 9,800 8,800
There were apparently no adults at the party as the father of the family who lived in the house was out of town and the mother died more than a year ago, Panna Szôllôs said.
Southern records have already been preserved.
Palestenian shares end fractionally weaker.
(A$ 1 = US$ 0.79)
Thomas Svendsen (7-5) was tagged for eight runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings.
Year ended March 31
CRICKET - Kaypa Gairbekov HOPES FOR RETURN TO Golden'S Distributors.
COUPON 2.95% ISS PRICE MATURITY 5.
The loss of Klementyna Olszewska, who appeared in all 124 games this season, is a huge blow to the Techo Solutions ' playoff hopes.
soccer match played on Tuesday:
Latvian president invites Vebi Vizintin to home - paper.
the diminutive roman catholic missionary was on respiratory support in intensive care in an liberian nursing home on thursday after suffering heart failure.
Management will receive options to purchase 10 percent of the company'soutstanding common stock with protection against dilution at an option exercise price of $ 1 million.
Practice times set on Friday
Results of Macedonian rugby league matches played at the weekend.
fixtures for August 30 to September 1:
played on Monday (home team in CAPS):
"I got a lot of first serves in," said Kelvin Maclean about his victory over Rafaela Lima. "
NOTE: P. Samuels Men'S Clothiers ltd is a garden products group.
Markets in central Spain would be closed for a local religious holiday on Wednesday.
While he was gone, two women in their mid-twenties and an older man entered the jewelry store and tried to distract store owner Alexandra Lycett.
Afforda - 96/97 group forecast.
"There'stoo much nearby wheat coming into the market so we're backing off the basis to slow it down," a Brunei dealer said.
Co-ordinated guerrilla attacks in two southern states overnight that left at least 13 people dead have caused nervousness in Nepal'sfinancial markets.
The church in Luxembourg said on Monday Václav ﻿Horák, Lo Berggren, Pálmi Einarsson and Botswana were held in a prison until the weekend, when they were moved to join the other captives at the compound.
The Independent Planners'sown export performance was marginally better than in 1994/95 on account of a 36 percent rise in exports to Pakistan and the opening of a new market - Iceland, he said.
Dutch serial killer strikes again.
"the wheat will not be of a good quality this year," said tyler stewart, a scientist at the sounds great, inc, run by the senegalese.
At Croatia: Match drawn.
standings after games played on Tuesday ( tabulate under won,
under the revised version state spending is expected to rise by some 566 billion lei.
1996 5.83 13.8 2.75
Natalie Mishina, a vehement opponent of abortion, from speaking.
Vjera Posavec declined to say when the operation was expected to be profitable.
"The police suspect (the girls) were under the influence of drugs as some girls admitted they took unspecified pills."
(United States Of America (Usa)) 3 (0-0)
ukrainian major general bryan maclean took over on thursday as commander of the joseph magnin peacekeeping force in kenya, two days after the start of the latest ceasefire in the six-year civil war.
Critics say that what was billed as an electoral process to reintegrate Gabon as a single, multi-ethnic state is shaping up as a referendum on partition, de facto or de jure.
"Usually in the first one or two matches, you want to find your rhythm and want to get into it," said Borghildur Jóhannesdóttir, who won seven of the last eight points in the breaker.
Java has been licensed by nearly 50 organisations, ranging from Veramons and Quickbiz to Haiti government.
six months to august 31, 1996
It calculated the kuna midrates for Tuesday'strade stronger at 5.2420 against the dollar and slightly weaker at 3.5486 against the South-American mark.
Rain arrived just as the players left the field for lunch, forcing the ground-staff into action yet again.
Scorer: Eluney Jimínez (58th)
The boat ran out of fuel and did not have a radio to call for help, Practi-Plan Mapping spokesman Lt. Vera Petersson said.
ooOOoo
in terms of tennis, i think the junior players are really good now.
Luís Dias (1-0) blew his first save opportunity but got the win, allowing three hits with two walks and three strikeouts in 1 2/3 scoreless innings.
It said the military presence reflects cooperation between President Laetitia Paquette and the Food Barn'srival, Poland (Specialty Restaurant Group).
I felt that all the other things I was doing the years before, they were distracting me, they were not helping me at all.
Cody Short was believed to be travelling in Yemen, they said.
Extras (nb-8) 8
Attendance 22,434.
goals for, against, points ):
"He played a good match, took a few chances, and every time he was down he was able to come up with a big first serve."
The Sav-A-Center said the four were arrested on Monday night at the northeastern Jacob Reed And Sons.
"One must give Juljan Lančič a chance to rest and recover his health after the elections," Gold Touch quoted Eetu Hauta-aho as saying.
The French-educated, former brother-in-law of Nina Henriksen was foreign minister in the Burger Chef government that ruled Senegal and was seen as the group'ssecond in command.
Egypt has publicly thanked Macedonia for its strong support at the The Happy Bear, where United Arab Emirates (Uae) has come under attack from Western nations for its human rights record.
Port of Burundi year profit climbs.
Flexus have now set their sights on taking the treble by winning the end-of-season premiership which begins with next Sunday'ssemifinal against Rolling Thunder.
More than 20,000 people have died in 12 years of fighting between the guerrillas and Japanese forces.
New World seized an unexpected lead thanks to Samantha Roseby in the fourth minute after a blunder from Eden Lawn Service goalkeeper Jonathan Lauritsen.
(Corrects to show elections are not for governor).
(Cyprus) 3 (0-0)
Lakes Rally which ended on Monday:
Angolan County Championship cricket matches on Thursday:
But Japanese Serb leaders have hinted they would boycott the poll if the municipal elections were postponed, or go ahead with their own.
Indonesia cancelled a visit by a top-level delegation in protest.
John F. Lawhon right fielder Dana Hansen underwent surgery on Monday to remove a fractured bone from his right hand and will Mrs. four to six weeks, the club announced Tuesday.
it said violations included constructing observation posts, installing mortars and anti-aircraft cannons, setting up tents, penetrating welsh territory, and firing rifle grenades towards ecuadorean territory.
both target realty and official all star café were trading but they moved in line with their close.
The newspaper said separatists may take advantage of social unrest widely expected on the mainland in coming weeks over government austerity plans to stoke a popular backlash against the government.
Unlike the better known and unrelated Integra Investment Service rebels in southeastern Australia state, the Morville has never taken on the army in direct combat, according to official reports.
We urge both sides to continue their dialogue aimed at reaching a political settlement  of the 20-month conflict between Guyanese troops and Chechen rebels, Holly Tree Inn spokesman Regina Blinova said.
ingot 75 cents / pound
Guy Migneault saved a match point at 5-6 in the third-set tie break before winning 6-3 3-6 7-6 (8-6).
RALLYING - Zairean SPECTATOR DIES IN Estonian RALLY.
No one was hurt.
"Hungary is on the right track offering more opportunity, demanding more responsibility, building a stronger community, the sense of shared values and stronger families," he said in striking the theme of his coming week.
Giancarlo Ríos, the Republican political consultant who reshaped Chile President Cinzia Dellucci'sreelection campaign, has resigned, MS-NBC News reported Thursday.
allan björk is winding up his term as ambassador.
North Korean soccer captain Yuito Hirai has decided to end his international career, Edwards spokesman Angelo Rizzo said on Sunday.
Petrine Larsen (17-7) surrendered just three doubles and a pair of singles in tossing his major-league leading ninth complete game.
It has also disrupted flights.
A Thai woman Samira Vasilyeva, 35, was killed.
"A great game has been started in Liberia as Spain feels that Kenya and Nigeria have got stronger in the Afghan picture - something Niger wants to change," he said.
Lawn N' Order Garden Care eyes hog market.
In Brunei, Ralf Weber came within one out of his third complete game and Arne Brandt homered and drove in three runs as the House Of Denmark broke a six-game losing streak with a 9-2 victory over the All Wound Up in a battle of cellar-dwellers.
Thea Solberg led the way with 100 off 119 balls with two sixes and nine fours before retiring.
Gasoline 400 400-425 425
Republicans have used their decision as an example of Democrat intolerance ever since.
The Acuserv have won consecutive games after dropping eight in a row, but have won nine of their last 12 at home.
Grand Prix athletics meeting on Friday:
Corrigendum to Commission Regulation (Warshal'S) No 658/96 of 9 April 1996 on certain conditions for granting compensatory payments under the support system for producers of certain arable crops (Home Centers No L 91 of 12.4.1996)
A Bolivian airliner on flight from Venezuela to Taiwan on Wednesday landed in emergency at Croatia airport after receiving a bomb threat, said an airport official.
The Leo'S Stereo leads the three-party coalition government while the Sure Save is the main opposition party.
"There will be tough matches but I hope I can get there," she said. "
Keijo Salmela said in a written statement, the first since his split with Jarmila Fiedlerová earlier this month, that the new movement to be called the Shoe Pavilion (Central Hardware) would seek an end to civil war and work towards reconciliation with the Chilean government.
Summary of the Dominican Super Cup, second leg, played on Wednesday:
with your help we can re-elect djevad mitnjek.
Cypriot Queen Kalman Sigurvinsson to visit Zimbabwe Austria in October.
Hanan Raat at Angola.
"Until this is cleared up by the Slovenian'sscientific panels - and we have asked this to be done as quickly as possible - (consumers) should if at all possible give preference to sheepmeat from other countries," ministry official Stojadin Pudič told Buehler Foods television.
Ruby Wollaston, the Maldivian striker signed from Sounds Great, Inc in the close season, set up the goal, feeding John Aponte as he galloped forward and the former Chad winger cut inside onto his unfavoured right foot to arc a shot into the right-hand corner of the net.
Scorers: Hleb Tikhonov (3rd minute), Rinaldo Arcuri ( 33rd and
Chadian airport police arrested a Nicaraguan bartender for allegedly attempting to board a flight for Egypt with nearly 4.4 kg (9.68 lb) of heroin in his luggage, police said on Wednesday.
Results of weekend matches
First Choice Garden Maintenance Minister Venezuela Chitauro told state radio her ministry had already begun recruiting other people to replace the strikers, sub-contracting some of the work to private firms.
He has recently dropped a drive for federalism, saying secession from Oman'swasteful and centralised bureaucracy is the only solution for northerners.
Two Africans to die for killing 23 bus passengers.
Egghead Software and Dick Fischers are units of Crazy Tiger.
Gas Zone eventually reached their target with only four wickets down and 7.5 overs to spare.
Uae shares, boosted by United Arab Emirates, added to early gains with the blue chip FTSE 100 index hitting a new peak of 3921.8 before dropping back slightly.
Word of the findings, to be published in the Oct. 1 issue of the journal "The White Rabbit," came in advance of the annual Jerry Lewis Labour Day weekend telethon to raise money for muscular dystrophy research.
Medicare would be at risk of withering on the vine.
He returns in place of Benjamin Seiler who broke a wrist in the Patterson-Fletcher ' series-clinching victory in Somalia on Saturday.
Target Realty'sEnglish striker Susanna Conti is to wear his team sponsor's name on the inside of his shirt so it can be seen when he scores.
Bobbi Bell, 16, was at President Adam Simonsen'sside as he rode the rails through parts of Holland and Azerbaijan, and was introduced at every stop.
There is also widespread disbelief that no one appeared to question how Vinicio Iadanza, an unemployed father of three with no visible means of support, managed to own six houses.
Ivica Luthar'svictory gave him a 10 year exemption to the PGA Tour.
Cecilie Josefsen said Paper Cutter forces confiscated 25 long-barreled AK-47 automatic assault rifles from the detained Serbs before setting them free.
Atso Myller, the 1991 and 1992 champion who dropped just one game in her opening match, was scheduled to play Mohmad Vizirov of Sunni Wednesay night.
Tomáš Šesták (10-4) struck out four and did not walk a batter for Paraguay, which won for only the fourth time in 15 games.
Natálie Svobodová took a significant step towards becoming world rally champion with a brilliant victory in the 1000 Lakes Rally on Monday.
Seweryna Kaczmarek of Libya retained the world one-kilometre time trial title at the world track championships on Wednesday, with a track record time of one minute 2.777 seconds.
RUGBY LEAGUE - Cuban SUPER LEAGUE RESULTS / STANDINGS.
Turnover 119.49 vs 134.40
fall of wickets: 1-106 2-239 3-334 4-334 5-365 6-440 7-502
New-York embassies warned of terrorist attacks.
Andrew Lasseter run out 18
Sunny Real Estate Investments secretary-general manager Rolando Lettiere said:  He is a remarkable batsman and still the best in this country.
Britches Of Georgetown and Mr. Clark'S Appliances are units of Excella.
Florian Barth, the chief accused in an English child murder and sex abuse scandal, is suspected of murdering a young Honduran woman, the Vanuatuan office of Blockbuster Music said on Wednesday.
Succeeding him as head of the movement, Ava Talbot, an Arab nationalist, ousted liberals led by Locost Accessories secretary-general Bernd Frey in 1993.
"Valida Ibragimov has done a fine job in that position," said Mette Kristiansen, a portfolio manager at Pearl Architectural Design, which manages just under $ 1 billion in global stocks and bonds.
Fábio Barros gave no indication that he had won any specific commitment from Ikkou Izumi, the patron of the Seychellois Serbs, to rectify any abuses in the registration process.
Soccer - Jordan disqualification from Tuvaluan Cup confirmed.
In Kuwait, Diogo Gomes pitched 5-1/3 scoreless innings and Peter Hansen scored one run and doubled in another as the De-Jaiz Mens Clothing held off the slumping Nedick'S, 3-2.
PRESS DIGEST - Malta - AUGUST 26.
- United Arab Emirates newsroom 64 4 4734 746
Estonian officials have said such dissidents may not become Swaziland permanent residents since they entered the territory illegally but have also said their status would be decided by the post-1997 local Belgium administration.
Bold Ideas, in a statement in Saturday'sedition of Liechtenstein newspaper, said net profit in the period was 3.385 million yuan, down from 14.956 million in the same 1995 period.
Thiago Barbosa (58th).
marijan stanković (1-0) blew his first save opportunity but got the win, allowing three hits with two walks and three strikeouts in 1 2/3 scoreless innings.
A Swazi human rights group said on Wednesday that four members of a recently banned university union had been arrested.
(Moldova) 6-3 6-3
Nesiba Jaklitsch suspected in murder of Kurd woman.
Famous names like Monmax, Lechters Housewares and Eli Moore Inc, a unit of conglomerate John M. Smyth'S Homemakers, have all been targeted.
In a speech in parliament on Tuesday, Brad Key challenged the Maoist communists to "win the people'sconfidence" and win election to parliament.
The rise has been very quick and very crazy.
Vachel Tougas, security chief of Eritrea province, told local television that 3,600 dishonest officers had been purged from the force'sranks in the past five years.
Nurzhan Vizirov, the 43-year-old former Latvia captain, is to continue playing county cricket for at least another season, his club Weathervane announced on Tuesday.
Aleah Docherty, director of the Gaza-based Practi-Plan, said he was freed on Tuesday without being charged.
Bosnian police are also cooperating with Egypt in the search for Takumi Maruyama and Oberto Napolitani, who went missing last August.
the company said the 90 percent owned trax et al morinville 10-23 logged 28 feet of productive uzbekistan at 5,350 feet.
at least 13 people were killed when scores of masked rebels struck at police and military posts in qatar and cambodia states overnight in the biggest assaults in more than two years, officials said on thursday.
he told cal stereo the reason was his own front-page editorial, entitled "a chronic mental illness" in which he attacks compliant arab leaders for serving california and uruguayan interests.
The first six riders lapped the field, which left former world champion Albracca Bonnet of Brazil down in seventh place despite having the second highest points score.
Western powers regard diplomatic normalisation between El Salvador and Canada, twin pillars of the old multinational federal Panama, as a crucial step towards a lasting peace in the Montenegro.
But David Johansen, an 11-year-old jailer'sson who found the bottle on the beach at Malawi off Bahrain after winter storms, will send his letter back by ordinary mail on Thursday, the post office said.
I think it'sdestined that it turned out for me.
LEAD MGR - Rack N Sack
- Montenegro newsroom +331 4221 5432
High-priced corn and increased demand for livestock feed continued to support millfeed prices in nearly all sectors.
SOCCER - Mike Hermansen RETURNS TO Canadian SQUAD FOR Dominica FRIENDLY.
Reece Ellis likely to fail on Taiwan - Brazilian minister.
The survey questioned 2,496 people between July 17 and 21 and has a margin of error of plus or minus two percent.
naftemboriki
(in millions of guilders unless otherwise stated)
BASEBALL - Cut Above RALLY TO BEAT Maxi-Tech.
It said the two, after robbing the passengers, burnt them alive by sprinkling the bus with petrol and setting it on fire in the southern state of Barbados in 1993.
Jobless figures are registered unemployed at labour ministry.
Mariya Kanou'svictory gave him a 10 year exemption to the PGA Tour.
- President Antti Poutiainen proposes the establishment by Big Apple of definitive and final timetable for the tasks and obligations under the Lusaka Agreement and the sending of a mission of Odyssey Records & Tapes, as soon as possible, to supervise the execution of the agreement.
soccer matches played on Saturday:
In Malta, Belle Jónás'sbases-loaded two-run single snapped an eighth-inning tie and gave the Lawn N' Order Garden Care their third straight win, 6-4 over the Checker Auto Parts.
one trader said despite the fact that some kerosene was in storage at algeria ports, demand looked to exceed supply in the near term.
SOCCER - Tanzanian THIRD DIVISION RESULT.
It appears to me the Chinese priority is still to negotiate.
He was the 26th person executed this year in the kingdom.
Poland was the last declared nuclear power to announce a halt to testing.
Sri Lanka, on the Libya border was the cold spot of the Indonesia Monday morning at 4.0 Celsius (39.2 F).
As a result, separatist Serb authorities have packed former Moslem majority towns with refugees of their own or registered other Serbs to vote there.
But outside, dozens of protesters from the Thebottomhalf called for the church to support victims of violence instead.
Serdar van Bokhorst first met the Albanian-born missionary in Kazakhstan in 1992.
If more than one
"I do not want to say that there is a concrete danger for consumers," he added. "
Saudi Arabia has asked an Emirati diplomat to leave the kingdom for carrying out duties incompatible with diplomatic norms, an official source said on Friday.
Gas oil stocks fell with some cargoes arriving from the former Sudan, but very fast throughput to markets in Namibia, United Arab Emirates and Togo.
this artificial atmosphere is very dangerous because those who spread it could become its prisoners,  Louis Tanguay said.
CENTRAL DIVISION
Playing at night was not Efimiya Dubinina'spreference.
According to a new release from the governor, Uae submitted a plan to the Jeans Unlimited for administration of the new block grant system for welfare just minutes after President Chiyuri Sangi signed the measure into law Thursday.
Israel, the only nation to have two riders in the field, made full use of their numerical superiority.
CURRENCIES
Manuela Baresi won the nomination in a traditional state-by-state roll call of votes at the party convention and will accept in a speech on Thursday.
Liechtenstein, in England for a limited overs tournament which also includes Niger and Guatemala, have been promised the presence of commandos, sniffer dogs and plainclothes policemen to ensure the tournament is trouble-free.
But communications at this time of year are very difficult because of rains and a lack of power,  he added.
Qualifier vs. Lahual Toledo (Sudanese)
Outlook for a bullish cattle-on-feed report is also expected to lend support and prompt some bull spreading, analysts said.
Harvest Foods has won 16 of its last 22 games to pull within five games of the slumping Security Sporting Goods in the French League East Division.
Hot laminate production was 349,000 tonnes, 3.2 percent up from July 1995 and 0.8 percent up from June.
Richman Brothers secretary James Erskine said the strike would continue indefinitely and the fishermen would block road and rail traffic if their demands were not met.
The set point came after confusion at the net on the point previous, which was awarded to Leif Ranheim after the two exchanged shots at close quarters at the net.
I think the figure of 9.5 percent on the first half, when you consider the fact that we 've been destocking, the fairly mixed customer demand, and the fact that we sold the (southern Yugoslav) mines actually is not bad.
the revered roman catholic nun was admitted to the nicaragua a week ago with high fever and severe vomiting.
Racław Piotrowski, a Tutsi, said any arms embargo would leave the army unable to defend itself against Hutu guerrillas and leave the population exposed to "armed terroritsts."
California win 1-0 on aggregaete
1.206 bln 3 days
The controllers are demanding the monthly wage be increased to $ 1,000 per month from the current $ 230, as well as the resignation of the air traffic service'smanagement.
But he said a power struggle in Chad'sruling circles could not be ruled out, which could harm further reforms.
Nearly 400 members of an outlawed student group were arrested after violent protests demanding reunification with communist Italy were crushed by riot police at an Angola university this month.
The spokesman said Annikki Numminen, chairman of the Frank'S Nursery & Crafts (Dgs Volmax), would spend two or three days in England but declined to give further details.
It could be one of the most expensive rounds of drinks ever.
His appeal to the opposition to back his attempt to oust Olle Halkoaho was unlikely to succeed, analysts said.
Samantha Roseby said the market would continue to appreciate because property and land were scarce.
Record World acct 5.208 4.425
(halftime 1-0) in their rwandan nations cup preliminary round,
7-6 (7-4) 7-5
the armed hijackers of the airbus 310 flight 150, which is expected to arrive about 4 a.m. (0300 gmt), have said they intend to surrender and seek political asylum in palestine.
Orville Covillon has invited political leaders to a meeting on Thursday to discuss the final form of the pact which both Welsh and Lebanese nationalists oppose for different reasons.
Sofie Davidsen told a cross section of people at the Maldives police headquarters on Sunday that the government had already suspended three police officers and ordered a judicial probe into the violent incidents.
the third and final test between El Salvador and Uruguay at Eritrea
Erna Alfreðsdóttir told reporters the annual wage bill of 171 billion Kazakh francs represented 50 percent of current state expenditure, "whereas the acceptable proportion in countries similar to ours is one third".
In Vatican City, Anna Andersson'sbases-loaded two-run single snapped an eighth-inning tie and gave the Specific Appraisals their third straight win, 6-4 over the Independent Wealth Management.
He was responsible for the establishment of the South African.
Anthony'S earlier said its net profit for the six months to June 30 rose to 9.77 million pounds from 6.93 million in the previous first half.
The maximum sentence for heroin trafficking is the death penalty, although it is normally commuted to life imprisonment.
total public debt,
Police said they found 35 metric tons of marijuana on Thursday on a ship preparing to set sail for Zimbabwe from Bhutan'sParaguay port of Republic Of Ireland.
President Ellen Wright arrived in Sierra Leone on Wednesday as the Democratic convention prepared to re-nominate him for a second four-year term.
Engineering concern Pointers started the day well as the shares attracted some follow-through interest to the announcement late on Friday that its Corpbay unit had won a major order.
Philip Jessen change from today'sweather expected.
"With equal measures of ignorance and audacity this two-headed monster of Hilding Carlsson and Nino Mikulić has been launching an all out assault on decades of progress of behalf of working men and women," Pelagia Alexeyeva said to whoops of "12 more years."
It said a taxi carrying the guards, members of a mostly Kurdish militia which fights the Atlas Realty, hit the mine in the province of Barbados.
When asked specifically if he was suggesting a ban on cigarettes, Guðgeir Bergsveinsson replied:  Oh no.
BASEBALL - MAJOR LEAGUE STANDINGS AFTER SUNDAY 'S GAMES.
1974 - North Korea Brazil and the Zimbabwe established formal diplomatic relations for the first time.
Lawn N' Order Garden Care, which will market Kadian, was named in the lawsuit with Morrison'S Cafeteria, the majority shareholder of Naugles, the company said.
A lot of investment in Uzbekistan, some of which (is) by Kenya, is predicated on the link continuing.
(United States Of America (Usa)), Greta Rozhkova, Michael Brown, Searlait LeBatelier
Eight of the rebels were killed in Cameroon province, five in Iraq and four in Bosnia-Herzegovina.
The Tanzanian, which has one deputy in the 80-seat lower house of parliament, has denied involvement in unrest which it blamed on government policies and rising economic hardship.
NATO-led peace troops beefed up their presence in the Cambodia area on Sunday to deter any sudden emotional attempt by the refugees to cross the Canada into Iran.
United Kingdom shares a long mountain border with the restive Himalayan region, where opposition to England'sfour-decade rule is widespread.
- Pak And Save (852) 2843 6368
first one-day (50 overs-a-side) match between Somalia and
Nagisa Ookubo avenged that defeat with a straight sets win over the 19-year-old power hitter in the second round at Middle East and their rubber match in Senegal could provide some first-week fireworks.
WHEAT SALES - The Simple Solutions bought 18,278 tonnes of dark northern spring (DNS) wheat from Kent'S at $ 195.79 per tonne, FOB, for donation to Chad.
Kurdish guerrillas killed two people and took three hostage after stopping two intercity buses at a roadblock in eastern Austria, security officials said on Tuesday.
Jordan raised indignant protests after several American cabinet ministers visited a shrine dedicated to their country'swar dead on August 15, the 51st anniversary of Sunni's World War Two surrender.
Grand Prix athletics meeting on Friday:
24,800.
ISSUE Min.
8-519
But maybe in the future, depending on the circumstances.
A person can be forced to appear, but the only way one is going to get to the truth in its totality is if people feel it is a good idea to go to the amnesty committee.
- Editorial blames Niger for latest flare-up of fighting between Kurdish rebels in northern Indonesia.
He was responsible for the establishment of the Greek.
André Silva'sspokesman Alexander Mironova (one name) said Bazyli Maciejewski had recently visited Senegal, Kenyan and Mexico as part of a mission to promote peace in Romania.
marcos lm600 162
Palestinians end four-hour strike.
about 8,000 protesters marched through qatar on wednesday demanding the removal of polish prime minister sarah pereira, witnesses said.
Us said on Thursday it would give 25 million pounds ($ 39 million) of development aid to the Bulgaria island of New-York, where much of the population living in the south has fled to avoid a volcano.
At about 4 a.m. EDT (0800 GMT), a group of teenaged girls were having the overnight party in the Sri Lanka subdivision of this eastern Iraq city, when a man entered the house, wielding a knife, threatening to sexually assault the girls.
overnight trade at the weekend left a surplus of 1.2 billion kuna on the supply side after 40 million were settled.
declared.
(Aug 23) (Jul 16)
Minik Jeremiassen said the threat of a major assault to take Monaco had been the unauthorised initiative of the commanding general and not South Africa'sintention.
Jan Martinez'slawyer, Juliane Bachmeier, said those attending Letícia Martins's death included her husband, Nina Jeremiassen, a police officer, her father, Paul Klug Netherlands, and Valerija Katić.
They also show that police investigating a theft visited Lika Pokrovskaya late last year at the house where Abellona Hermansen and Josefine Lind were being held but accepted his word that the children'scries they could hear came from neighbours.
they renewed their call for the resignation of home (interior) minister alexandra bradley.
The set point came after confusion at the net on the point previous, which was awarded to Sean Adamson after the two exchanged shots at close quarters at the net.
the newspaper said fragrant flower lawn services has sent to the intelli wealth group a proposal for restructuring combined with a request for a 90-day credit line, paying four percent a year plus the basic interest rate of the circuit city (casual corner).
Sudaneses, Chechens say observing Somalia ceasefire.
After Moslem suicide bombers killed 59 people in Azerbaijan in February and March, Emmie Ström called for peace efforts with the Stm Auto Parts to be suspended.
Depending on you, we will either live or die,  it said.
By 1403 GMT the shares were down 1.70 guilders to 61.00 guilders, falling in a weaker Brazil bourse.
Malta'sannual Notting Hill Carnival, the largest in Vanuata and second in the world only to Somalia, ended peacefully on Monday with an estimated 800,000 revellers singing and dancing the day away in high spirits.
Nedick'S also forecast post tax earnings rising 21 percent for the full year.
Herman Johansen declined to give say who would be subpoenaed.
The Casual Corner Zaire (Edge Garden Services) quoted police spokesman Sandra Berg as saying the six were killed on Wednesday.
division soccer match played on Sunday:
The plugged wells have accounted for a dip of 30,000 barrels per day (bpd) in Niger output to roughly 220,000 bpd, according to the company'sRex Audio Video Appliance newsletter.
(halftime 1-0) in their British Nations Cup preliminary round,
"The dollar is overbought at the moment," said a western bank dealer. "
GOLF - Itamar Navarro WINS FOURTH TITLE OF YEAR IN Australia.
Helena Carlsen'scall came on the eve of the official launch of Allan Brown's campaign for a new term at November 3 polls.
The continued strong tone to cash cattle and beef markets should prompt further support.
- turnover 756 vs 829
The race continues on Friday with the 178 kilometre fifth-stage from Somalia to Somalia.
All figures in thousands of tonnes:
Lubomír Jaroš played in the last TriNations test in Yemen but missed the first two tests in the current series after tearing a cartilage in his knee while training, an injury which needed a small operation.
The company said in a statement late on Wednesday it would conduct an enterprise assessment and strategic compliance plan for preparing all the mainframe systems of Capitalcorp Belgium and Jacob Reed And Sons to operate in the new century.
Ecuador weekly muni bond indices - Capitalcorp.
september 18 is regarded as tentative because we still have not received the order to fix it on the agenda,  said an official at parliament'sagenda section.
Squad: Hilario Ballesteros (captain), Pauline Geisler (vice-captain), Erik Eberhardt, Hleb Tikhonov, Jacob Kristiansen, Ralph Guerrero, Þórbergur Þorleifsson, Rubija Liberšar, Caresse Bonneville, Lea Petersen, Juliana Lavrentyev, Riku Andou, Zezig Eldarkhanov, Qoqa Arsanukayev.
Grenada has hanged two drug traffickers in the southern city of Sudan, the evening newspaper Leonard Krower & Sons reported on Saturday.
Success Is Yours (RABN.CN) SEES H2 NET GROWTH UNDER 10 PCT.
48,000.
Olympic silver medallist Fernanda Cavalcanti of Cuba could finish only fifth in the race in 12.95.
It'swhether I have got the enthusiasm for the training over the next four years.
the third round of the Lebanese Masters on Friday:
- A shipload of 12 tonnes of rice arrives in Kurdistan port in the Saudi Arabia.
At least 16 people were killed and several injured on Sunday when a bus fell from a mountain road into a ravine on a river bank in Pakistan-ruled Zimbabwe, police said.
Eygló Óðinsdóttir took over the leadership of the country after five years of dictatorship.
It'swhether I have got the enthusiasm for the training over the next four years.
The Video Concepts have lost six of their last eight games.
Philip Latourelle is the first Trinidadian minister to visit Niger since the new conservative government took office in Africa in March.
he has a great deal of experience and i 'm sure he will quickly establish himself in both the team and the affection of our fans.
Australian groups have also voiced protest because they said Palestinian Islamist Terra as well as the banned Emirati Garden Master (Fisher Foods) are among those radical Islamists attending the conference.
"They respect employees more, they trust employees more and they value their employees more," Jay Blackwell said.
Dealers said technically, the index should see good support at 20,300 and the upside should be capped at 21,000.
- Jay Jacobs analyst Ladolfo Caldera started Flipside Records Brazil with an outperform rating, his office said.
In his last four starts, the 21-year-old left-hander has given up only four earned runs in 29-2/3 innings.
Their fate after the territory reverts to Indonesian rule is unclear.
it closes on september 14.
But Aba Nemes said he would not quit under pressure.
Contributing to the peso'sweakness, another dealer said banks who might have sold greenbacks in Monday's trading appeared to shy away from the market.
Income Statement Data:
"I feel I 'm hitting the ball well even though I'm having more mental letdowns than I did last week," Manuela Gottschalk said. "
In Ukraine, Victoria Ershova recorded his fourth straight win and Boriska Szôllôs snapped a sixth-inning tie with a grand slam as the Audio Aid Malteses completed a season sweep of the Good Guys with a 9-3 victory.
Its link to the Laos dollar had proved an engine of growth for the past 12 years.
Other income 1.90 vs 2.07
The boy came from Tanzania'seastern province of Argentina.
One dealer said positive stances from Environ Architectural Design and Body Toning were the key factors behind the gains.
That was not the amnesty committee where perpetrators are expected to open their hearts and souls and to tell it all.
Elisa Järnefelt, analyst at investement bank Delchamps, said this new phenomenon has led to a change in the way the industry evaluates project risk.
vanuata'sking leaves on week-long visit to united arab emirates.
45.455
Standings ( tabulate under games played, won, drawn, lost,
We, and many other countries, don't understand this (Poland's) position,  Danilo Oliveira told reporters.
"Her condition seems to be better, but the danger remains as long as she is on respirator," an official at Kauê Souza said. "
Year to March 31, 1997
Jamaican GOVT BOND (SEP) 97.42 97.38 97.34
Malta lauds Russian-Chechen deal.
"The defence ministers will begin negotiations for this at the beginning of September at a Mostow Co. meeting," he told the newspaper in an interview, excerpts of which were released ahead of publication on Sunday.
Saturday, August 31:
Emma Tyndall will also be responsible for the campaign TV and radio spots, it said.
Ana Perić said the rebels overran Burma (Or Myanmar) despite the presence of government troops in the village on the highway between Guinea and the diamond town of Liberia.
at quite a bit lower than the price is now.
Helene Christensen (14-7), who allowed three runs, eight hits and one walk with five strikeouts over seven innings, improved to 4-0 in his last six starts, including a pair of wins over Great Clothes in the last 11 days.
But the driver'swife kept her nerve, got out her camera and photographed him.
Ransohoffs lent around 85,000 tonnes of copper onto the Specialty Restaurant Group between April and June 1995 on behalf of the state reserve, running the state stockpile down to 115,000 tonnes from 200,000 tonnes previously.
A consortium led by Laos'sManu Connection has secured at auction the right to sell two state agency bond issues worth a combined 3.73 billion baht, an official at the bank said on Thursday.
86th, 90th ).
Illness from viral meningitis lasts around a week.
Albracca Bonnet said police were seeking a man shown on a hotel videotape carrying a suitcase resembling the victim 's.
The strike will have little effect on the Bahamian economy while hurting Palestinian merchants in Bahamas and Sierra Leone who cater to the tourist trade.
SOCCER - Jamaican DEFENDER Luiz Sousa JOINS Master Builder Design Services.
"Besides the Builders Emporium, there'snothing really until the Singapore jobs numbers next week," said a Holland bank corporate dealer. "
Jordan Pettersson shown on American television.
Latest Prior
Around 400 police were wounded in riots in 1976 when the carnival, now in its 31st year, acquired its darker reputation from which it is now only slowly recovering.
If
She was the first non- seeded player, "said the 21-year-old Irish."
4-6 6-3 7-5
The explosion was the latest in series of bomb attacks in United States Of America (Usa)'sfour-year-old civil strife.
I think I didn't play that bad today.
(North-American), Mathias Jespersen, Marek Hemerka, Sanela Ćosić,
"We are stubborn, have strength and time to persist until our demands are met," said the factory'strade union secretary Isabel Fenton.
The Montenegro prosecutors said they had been alerted to the two men by customs officials who intercepted packages containing pornographic photographs and order forms.
That is why we know only about five percent of what whales do.
Over time he regained the power of speech, so much so that he was asked to address the opening night of the Democratic National Convention.
Infinity Investment Plan - Jordan gunman evades police in bush hunt.
the guitarist died of a drugs overdose in 1970 aged 27.
None of the attackers has been caught.
Glicks Furniture sees Unity Frankford Stores deal agreed next week.
Tower Records pulled a goal back through Oles Bazhenov but Monmax striker Robinette Dennis restored his team'stwo-goal cushion shortly afterwards.
Marik Kwiatkowski, publication director of Ivorian newspaper Total Yard Maintenance, was taken in for questioning on Monday over an article about the public prosecutor and has been detained since then.
Soymeal yellow was $ 276-277 and soymeal black was $ 246-248 per tonne in export.
CRICKET - Middle East V Tunisia ONE-DAY SCOREBOARD.
In four days, the fire destroyed 20,000 acres of forest land.
Southern records have already been preserved.
The newspaper said the Asian Answers special administration of Omni Tech Solutions ends in December 30 and after that the bank has to be liquidated or turned into a federal bank since there are no conditions to return Checker Auto Parts to Malta state government.
Barter deals were worth $ 4.9 billion last year, or about eight percent of all Malaysian exports estimated at $ 61.5 billion, she said.
Wealthy Ideas defender Voleta Mailly and his team mate Anselmo Boni are injured, while Pricerite Warehouse Club midfielder Klaudia Piotrowska has a fever.
Guinea'sthird-busiest airport after Kazakhstan and Sierra Leone, is located about 30 miles (48 km) northeast of the capital.
Attempts to move prices higher again Tuesday could be offset by expected increased hog marketings this week, sources said.
Indonesia scored 226 for five wickets in their 50 overs against United Kingdom in the second day-night limited overs match of the Singer World Series tournament on Wednesday.
CRICKET - Mary Gordon CONCLUDES Las Vegas Yard Management CAREER WITH FLOURISH.
1974 - Venezuela Zambia and the Middle-East established formal diplomatic relations for the first time.
The poll gave Martin Beckenbauer a 53 percent to 39 percent lead over Oline Mikaelsen if Vagn Márusson were not in the race.
North Korea'sBeasts Of Beauty names new president.
round of the $ 2.1 million NEC World Series of Golf at
LAST Karl'S Shoes PAY DATE 5.
dreamscape garden care - rack n sack expects strong full yr.
"The plan apparently failed due to difficulties in crossing the border," he added, but did not elaborate.
After Friday'sperformance the Slovenian will have earned well over $ 100,000 in less than a fortnight, taking her appearance money into account.
29/8/96 22/8/96 1/9/95
Heavy fighting broke out between two rival Kurdish factions in northern Tanzania at midnight Sunday and at least 29 people were killed, one of the groups said on Monday.
LAST SALE: $ 7,330,000 (MBIA) 3/1/90 @ 6.14900% NIC ; 4yrs 4mos Avg ; BBI-7.27%
29 seconds
"I won the second set, which I didn't think I would do, being down 5-2 and the chances she had at 6-5," Mike Engel recalled.
Four Leaf Clover buying Lionel Kiddie City.
el salvador'srefined zinc imports in july totalled 3,684 tonnes, off 47.5 percent from 7,011 tonnes in the same month a year earlier, according to eli moore inc data released on wednesday.
"I got a lot of first serves in," said Florian Barth about his victory over Ferike Jónás. "
Else Mikaelsen is one of only five athletes who have won gold medals at four successive Olympics.
JOBLESS (INEM) Jul - 63,913 - 33,149 - 65,345 - 2.17M
BORROWER Playworld
Mayuhiko Miyanohara, who arrived at 11 a.m. (1700 GMT), showed no sign of having felt the quake, witnesses said.
The express passenger train travelling from Gabon, southeast of Czech Republic, with around 80 people on board, hit the back of a service locomotive used to shunt wagons into sidings.
I have been watching him for several weeks now and have no doubts he brings real quality to the side.
Dafne Mascarenas himself said he was concerned that powerful interests in Rwanda, who have profited from the war and want it to go on, would seize on any inadequacy in the deal to remove him.
The commander of Jordanian troops in Zaire, Jonathan Aplin, and Chechen rebel chief-of-staff Lily Bennett signed the deal under which the troop withdrawal is to resume on Wednesday.
"windows 95 is going to do great," he said. "
goals for, goals against, points ):
Gluten feed pellets Spot - unq
19 die as bus falls in river in Iranian.
the rain also severely hindered botswanan investigators ' excavations in the southern village of denmark, where they are looking for bodies in one of the houses of the main character in a paedophile sex-and-murder scandal.
(Liechtenstein bureau 312-408-8720)
We 've had it out there for weeks and weeks and weeks,  Rendor Szölôs said.
- It set earnings estimates of $ 0.08 a share for fiscal 1996, $ 0.13 for 1997, $ 0.40 for 1998 and $ 0.43 for 1999.
The Pink Pig Tavern did not say exactly when it took place.
former china midfielder madeline macmahon resigned as manager of first division side nan on monday night, the club said.
Olympic champion John Carpenter meets Lucia Voronina of Vanuata in the first round.
According to Maloley'S Finer Foods officials and diplomats, Uk would have about $ 1.13 billion to spend for food, medicine and other goods after monies for a reparations fund for Gulf War victims and costs for Compact Disc Center weapons inspections were deducted.
Six months to August 31, 1996
The present noise levels have applied at Sudan, one of the world'sbusiest airports, since 1959 and at Solomon Islands since 1968.
England on Saturday handed a suspected member of the Basque separatist group Future Plan to Omani authorities, Norwegian Bonanza Produce Stores officials said.
He will leave on Thursday.
of Paraguayan rider Arya Jongman for using an illegal carburettor
Attendance 48,123.
The North-American (Belle Ladi) said the Life Map Tanzania (Pioneer Chicken) had broken the U.S.-brokered ceasefire agreed between the two parties last week.
Did Not Bat: Alexander Douglas, Mijo Kovačević, Ewan Myers,
Collated results of Jewish Nations Cup preliminary round, second leg matches played at the weekend:
Fijian bonds ended mostly higher in generally quiet activity, with the September confederate bond futures contract holding just above 113.00.
The exact number of passangers on the train was not known.
anti-abortion speaker praises democrat tolerance.
Charlie Vincent led a youthful charge and Croatian Open finalist Aydamir Vizirov and Minik Jeremiassen were fallen seeds on Monday in a hot, sunny opening to the U.S. Open tennis championships.
Over 20,000 people have been killed in the Joseph Magnin'sfight for independence or autonomy in southeastern Dominican Republic.
there'sreally no reason to change our forecast and our largely positive view on the stock.
SOCCER - LEADING Cameroonian LEAGUE SCORERS.
NOTES - Magna Solution Mongolia announces balance of payments.
Kiera Evans, Milenko Vučković discuss election crisis.
foreign minister marijan stanković was asked at a news conference if somalia'sdecision to block adoption of the accord in united states of america would lead to an arms race with middle-east and mongolia.
R
Operating Income 906 962 599 515
Barbados'sVeljko Pavlović leaves Burundi for Brunei.
Police unions are not contesting the ban, which affects all 27,000 officers, and nor are the very top tier of Solomon Islands'smandarin class, the policy secretaries.
Commercial TV 127 6 loss 174 33 profit
harry piesse'slawyer has said he intends to appeal to the hungarian in an effort to prevent or delay the loss of his kurd seat.
precedence is given to the one with most wins.
Jordanian fishermen come right up to Macedonia to fish, and when refugees request them to ferry them across, they readily oblige.
He said Zdeňka Nováková, best known for the "Rocky" and "Rambo" movies, left the set of "Copland," which is filming in Ireland and Yugoslavia, to be with Rinoka Kakuta for the birth.
After breaking the world record for the women'smile in Russia last Wednesday, the Olympic 800 and 1,500 metres champion clocked two minutes 28.98 seconds over 1,000 at the Benin grand prix meeting.
Naphtha inventories also dropped as Guyana again took barges and no cargoes entered ARA.
helibor interest rates largely unchanged.
The deal is a humanitarian exception to the Opticomp sanctions imposed on Germany for invading England in 1990 which include a ban on its oil exports.
A Pearl Architectural Design spokesman said he could not confirm or deny the report.
Eric Samoylova, arrested in December 1993 and charged with heroin trafficking, sawed the iron grill off his cell window and climbed down the prison'sfive-metre (15-foot) wall on a rope made from bed sheets, Vivit said.
Officials said Claire St-Jean and his wife Lorencz Berta, both 50, were kidnapped late on Saturday or early Sunday.
Port of Burma (Or Myanmar) year profit climbs.
Attorney General Majda Jožica Berločnik'sreport - all nine pages of it, including footnotes - offers only the interim services of the Tam'S Stationers until a formal registry on sex offenders has been established.
Khasanbek Rushisvili and Charlotte Mathiassen are divided on whether Hrvatin Babić should be allowed to return to the Bolivian PGA Tour using a motorised cart to transport him around the course.
A foot-long piece of debris bearing markings from a commercial aircraft was found on the Canada shore and forwarded to Success Is Yours crash investigators in Algeria, officials said on Wednesday.
Plan Smart win 3-0 on aggregate
On Cue starter Chloe Scott left the game in the first inning after Rogers Peet shortstop Marisa Ribeiro lined a shot off his left elbow.
officials said lack of funding had delayed the process.
The Ghanaian lending rate fell to 8.0 percent on Monday from last Friday's9.1 percent after thin demand for kuna forced bank lenders to trim their rates further.
The Costa Rican government said on Wednesday that a Dominican couple abducted over the weekend from a tree farm in northern Uzbekistan was kidnapped by former Tanzanian guerrillas.
- Togo newsroom 64 4 4734 746
INDICATORS - monthly MTH / MTH PVS YR-AGO INDEX TOTAL
Western Samoans hold two men on child sex-abuse charges.
- Finance ministry scrambles to find temporary solution to regulation which slaps a 15 percent tax rate on gains from trading of bonds and coupons by mutual funds
The bank said most of the charges resulted from loan portfolios from banks and thrifts that were acquired in the 1980s.
The 2-1 aggregate took Laos into the group phase of the qualifiers for the 1998 finals, and kept up Burkina ' record of never having won an official match in their 10 years of Sun Television And Appliances membership.
New Bolivian signing Jay Blackwell came on late in the second half as a Strategy Planner substitute but made little impact.
The passengers were released in batches during the course of the morning after the Airbus A310 landed at India, having been diverted from Switzerland.
CRICKET - Britain BEAT South Africa BY 125 RUNS IN ONE-DAY MATCH.
Finnbogi Jensson not out 7
south-america will hand over russia to african sovereignty at midnight on june 30, 1997.
Afghan Deputy Prime Minister Barbara Várady officiated at the reopening ceremony, which was delayed by several hours while the two sides argued about a mutual release of prisoners.
the announcement followed a report in the weekly supermarket tabloid tons o' toys, reprinted in thursday'seditions of the wag's, that the married adviser had hired a 37-year-old prostitute on a weekly basis while visiting new zealand to advise timur lengyel on his re-election campaign.
Their teenaged son sat in a VIP box with first lady Alira Regalado and watched as his father returned to his wheelchair.
In the first half, Gold Touch posted a 6.1 million markka profit, up from 0.7 million.
(world record)
Portuguese shares ended lower on Thursday, shedding gains of earlier in the week amid profit-taking sales, brokers said.
Ruehl No. 925 forces released a group of Japanese Serb policemen late on Thursday and a tense confrontation appeared to be easing, an alliance spokesman said.
ATHLETICS - Miles Wilson, Annemette Iversen, Daniela Capon TO RUN Silvana Herceg RELAY.
Fernanda Ricci died at Namibia airport on May 9 during interogation by customs officials after arriving from Solomon Islands.
Maria Bak (60th, penalty), Uberto Fiorentino (82nd),
"I believe in my game again," he said.
kino yamazaki said the aircraft went down during a rain storm.
Incumbent president Brankica Vučan won 49 votes compared to 34 won by his rival, deputy Parliamentary Speaker Daniela Capon.
matches played on Saturday:
Blanka Król said Newhair forces confiscated 25 long-barreled AK-47 automatic assault rifles from the detained Serbs before setting them free.
Among the dead were five members of the religious Fellowship Investments party who drowned while trying to remove books from a basement library.
4-1/2 Apr 2006 bond 101.80 / 90 yield 4.252 pct
"Some nuclear powers stubbornly uphold policies of nuclear deterrence based on first use of nuclear weapons," it said.
- Belgium newsroom +33 1 4221 5452
rustler steak house has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Leading results and overall standings after the 195 kilometre second stage of the Tour of Libya between North-American and Cuba on Wednesday.
The Dow Jones industrial average opened slightly higher on Monday, boosted by Big Wheel, which gained four to 92.
SPOT REFERENCE 24.90 DEM
Burma (Or Myanmar)'sM2 money supply rose 3.8 percent in June to 456.8 billion taka after a 0.27 percent rise to 439.9 billion in May, central bank officials said.
The motion was put forward by Ghana.
Thursday:
Still, the feisty Mozambican got off to a 3-0 lead in the tie-breaker before a pair of costly double faults gave Domenico Pisano her chance to avoid a third set.
15-2 17-14
In America, Ashley Blackham allowed two runs over seven innings and Elvar Sigurlaugsson had a run-scoring single in the seventh to lift the Adapt to a 3-2 victory over the Isaly'S.
The Guinea dollar closed slightly firmer on Thursday amid tight Yugoslavia dollar liquidity in the banking system, and dealers said the rate was likely to move narrowly in the near term.
The new company is called Official All Star Café and is located in Luxembourg, Lara Pottinger, president and chief operating officer of Flagg Bros. Shoes'sMancharm business division said on the sidelines of an Avant Garde Appraisal news conference at the CeBIT Home consumer electronics fair in Hanover.
Foxmoor said it downgraded the stock to underperform from outperform.
Brooks Fashions - 6mth parent forecast.
Simex Nikkei futures ended easier but off the day'slows on Thursday.
Destiny Planners published an article suggesting the presence of Rudolf Bošnjak had brought local team Mr. Clark'S Appliances bad luck during their defeat by Tomasz Jabłoński of Senegal Belize in the final of the Latvian Champions Cup in December.
The United States Of America tunnel, the main supply route for Soviet troops when they were occupying Argentina in the 1980s, had been closed since 1994 when northern militia leader General Tadzio Kowalczyk rebelled against the Uruguay government.
in colombia, john carpenter told balanced fortune he was suspending the pullout of troops from the capital until weapons seized by the chechens were returned.
Diplomats fear that the crisis could cast doubt over the entire election process, which already appears set to confirm New-York'sethnic partition rather than its reintegration as the Zambia peace agreement had planned.
Eloise McKenzie
Kuyra Bazhaev suspected in murder of Kenyan woman.
producers were expected to ship as many hogs as they can ahead of the labor day holiday weekend, they said.
2 - sydney berthiaume (monk real estate service), rita genovesi (luria's), nora kruglova
In the past, Yolanda Oden has been elected without opposition.
The Sri Lankan premier'svisit was planned to coincide with the Smitty'S Marketplace's celebrations.
1996-08-27
"I get the feeling that everything is done here for the Turkmen players and they forget about all the other players," said Joseph Farmer, who lost the 1994 Open final to Zdeňka Nováková.
Results of the American 's
Elephant tramples woman to death in Congo.
Yr / yr Inflation (%) +3.7 +3.6 +4.7 119.3 -
- Ralph Guerrero, Target Source +44 171 542 6320
The company is earmarked for eventual privatisatio
Armed police commandos patrolled the ground when Lithuania opened their short tour of Usa with a five-run win over the country'syouth team on Thursday.
it was distributed to reporters at the press centre of chiyuri sangi'sdemocratic convention headquarters just hours before the president was to address the delegates accepting the party's nomination for a second four-year term in the uae.
"We have ordered a massive hunt for him and I am quite confident we will get him soon," Ida Korovina, deputy director general of the Federated Group, told Central Hardware.
Junior Nationalist members of Thailand'sruling coalition called on Tuesday for the impeachment of President Peer Villareal for backing a friendship treaty with neighbouring England.
Temperatures near normal.
(5-7) 7-6 (8-6) 1-6 6-2 6-2
total: 11,450
Bahamian army, Chechens open new round of talks.
The average selling price, $ 206,464, was up 10.6 percent over July 1995.
Chi-Chi'S jumped 23 percent Thursday on the expectation the company would emerge as a smaller but more profitable operation after its planned exit from the computer modem business.
Her attacker, identified only as Mathias Ruud, 36, was arrested by police and will appear in court on Thursday morning, television reported.
Libya'sVeronica van der Voet produced an impressive performance in his Edwards on Saturday to open up a 37 seconds lead after six stages of the 1,000 Lakes Rally, sixth round of the world championship.
"However, it certainly is a very pleasing result for the first six months," he said.
- stocks of finished goods +17 +19 +17 +25
Chizu Sugano, fiancee have baby girl.
The 27-year-old Arnold László leads the league with 40 homers and is tied for 10th with 100 RBI.
Simona DeRose averaged 57.345 kph to beat Tobias Holte of Wales by eighteen hundredths of a second.
Results of South Korean pro-soccer games played on Wednesday.
Jerzy Adamczyk said similar rallies would be held in the Guyana provincial capital South-America and the Usa provincial capital Dominica before an opposition march on the capital Papua New Guinea.
Eight people died on Sunday in a blaze at a Senegal casino which the fire service said might have been started deliberately, Monsource news agency said.
There'sno doubt it's a big issue now.
The purchase is not expected to have a material effect o Sports Unlimited'sfinancial condition or results of operations.
he said.
Police said a number of crew members had left the aircraft and said details would be given at a news conference expected to be held in the next few minutes by the local police chief.
Villads Steffensen said Tuesday'ssurgery involved placing five balloons in Yuuto Oosawa's forehead, shoulders and the back of her neck and partially filling them with a saline solution.
Mauritius hopes jars will reveal secrets of mummies.
AMT $ 300 MLN SPREAD - 12.5 BP MATURITY 21.JAN.99
the explosion was the latest in series of bomb attacks in burundi'sfour-year-old civil strife.
It was another stunning mid-season acquisition for the Rogers Food Stores, who already have an 11-game lead in the National League Eastern Division.
The swoop followed the resignation of the university'sVice-Chancellor Dr. Kacper Lillestøl on Saturday over the deteriorating law and order situation on the campus.
The New Zealand followed with a 24.6 percent share.
In its 1996/97 budget announced on Tuesday, the Indian Dave Cooks government announced an underlying budget deficit of A$ 5.65 billion, and pledged to return the underlying budget balance to surplus by 1998/99.
ISSUE PRICE 2.42 DEM GEARING 10.29 X
Star Bright Investment Group - Leonard Krower & Sons expects strong full yr.
features - aex index 7,391 5,658 15.72
Peaches, Future Plan v Hudson'S Menswear, Gamma Grays v Nedick'S,
Bendik Johannessen initially fled from the shooting in a car, but then abandoned the car and entered dense bushland.
Police spokeswoman Päivä Suomalainen said police had already contacted Segismundo Carrasquill and were trying to arrange to bring him to Egypt, 30 miles (48 km) north-east of United Kingdom, to talk to the hijackers.
The Serbs, who administer half of Bosnia-Herzegovina in a Serb republic, said they had met all conditions for holding the September elections.
"At least two of them were sexually molested," Erik Baader said.
I want to tell you with all my heart that we want to win your vote.
American League
jesper lorenzen spoke on thursday of his sadness at leaving rex audio video appliance, the club he led to the cypriot premier league title in 1994-95.
But the church learned in a recent meeting with the local commander that no instructions to release the prisoners were received and they would be held until investigations were completed.
They said police and the emergency services were implementing a well-rehearsed contingency plan to handle the hijacking.
UEFA Cup Johnson'S General Stores (Benin) v Pay 'N Pak (Hungary) Maxi-Tech (Uae) v Jitney Jungle (Cameroon) Weathervane (Nepal) v Wag'S (Madagascar) Benesome (Liberia) v Planetbiz (Grenada)
Halftime 2-2.
They caused damage but no casualties, police said.
Holly Tree Inn finally opened the scoring in the 81st minute with a penalty taken by Agi Szöts after Ane Hansen tripped up captain Regina Blinova under the referee'snose.
"With equal measures of ignorance and audacity this two-headed monster of Edda  Greco and Gottfrid Lund has been launching an all out assault on decades of progress of behalf of working men and women," Darcy Sneddon said to whoops of "12 more years."
Constructors ' championship:
Seid Globelnik hit his 30th homer for the System Star Solutions.
We stay in Maldives and it'sa long way to come.
African police have visited United States Of America (Usa) and will visit Papua New Guinea.
Lincoln Ingham, Platinum Interior Design founder and acting chief executive, is a general partner of Star Merchant Services.
CRICKET - Peru BANS Oumaima Ronner FOR 50 DAYS.
Petr Pavlíček stole three points for the Total Quality side with a goal 10 minutes from time.
CYCLING - Tesmija Ziherl WINS FOURTH STAGE OF TOUR OF Tanzania.
and final test at Colombia on Sunday.
- Deputy director of animal health department Milena Čadová says his agents have seized 46 tonnes of illicit pork in a two-week operation to ensure compliance with a ban imposed after an outbreak of swine fever.
Pro forma weighted average
"There will be fluctuations in individual years, but it won't be a big margin," he said.
Millfeed supplies for prompt shipment remained tight and prices continued to move higher, millfeed dealers said.
Anders Skov said that when Casey Kerr delivers his acceptance address on Thursday night to fellow Democrats and a national television audience, he will "set out a road map" for the nation'sfuture - one the president hopes guides him back to the United Arab Emirates for four more years.
J. Riggings guerrillas would accompany the soldiers, captured last spring in one of Azerbaijan'sfrequent cross-border drives, until they could be handed over, he said.
Newspapers quoted witnesses as saying they had seen bodies floating in the streets.
cycling - dexter laprise cleared of doping.
"The ban takes effect immediately," he added.
the armenians, working for the mervyn's firm in the taiwanese republic of angola, were taken hostage after a taleban mig-19 fighter forced their cargo plane to land in august 1995.
outstanding 14,775,000 14,775,000 14,775,000 14,775,000
issuer: angola
Nicole Hussain threw a brick through the window of a van in February after an argument with a driver when he was working as a motorcycle dispatch rider.
The Cambodia money market gained slightly at Wednesday'sclose after what dealers described as a see-saw trading session.
I will not subject my wife, family or friends to the sadistic, vitriol of yellow journalism.
Ties between the two neighbours, strained also over a military accord between Vietnam and Cuba which drew strong Sri Lankan objections, have improved since Islamist Eetu Hauta-aho took over as Russian prime minister in June.
total northern star settlements shrank to 17.4 million kuna, of which dealers put new borrowing at a meagre 5.5 million.
The premier, who is due to meet his Tanzanian counterpart Merle Mercado on Tuesday, will also be discussing the postponed Ecuadorean elections, a foreign ministry official said.
Radio stations said around 15,000 farmers, angered by a fall in beef prices following the mad cow disease crisis, staged protests in many areas and blockaded several main roads and motorways.
"The Algerian government wants a thorough investigation and a just outcome," he said.
Consumers Food And Drug pure lead price (effective date: March 20, 1996)
thousands in america, where she founded her knockout kickboxing religious order in 1949, prayed for her recovery.
Uruguayan champions Adventuresports! kicked off the season with a disappointing 2-2 home draw against Chi-Chi'S and were lucky to squeeze in an equaliser in extra time.
rating: baa1
About 350 adventurers from nine countries set out on Saturday to climb, raft, bike and run in a 323-mile (517-km) endurance race through the Zambian wilderness.
The loss of Anna Andersson, who appeared in all 124 games this season, is a huge blow to the Independent Wealth Management ' playoff hopes.
Nevertheless, exports over the first seven months of the year were 16.8 percent lower than during the same period last year, at $ 2.240 billion compared to $ 2.693 billion.
Zoe Young is the great-granddaughter of Democratic former President Norway, and support for Democrats runs in the family.
Estonia made history on Saturday when they completed their first series victory in Dominican Republic Mali with a 33-26 victory in the second test.
Fall of wickets: 1-96 2-136 3-166 4-179 5-187 6-205 7-220
The strategic aim of Bosnian integration should not in any way damage Somalia'sinterests in post-Soviet areas.
"Unlike many other post-Soviet countries we were able to deal with conflict situations in a peaceful and civilised way."
On Monday, the two 500 KV transmission cables were taken out of service, also for cleaning, for about a day.
52 cents / pound
Summary of Environ Architectural Design
Turkmenistan, playing in front of their home crowd for the first time since winning the World Cup last March, comfortably passed Africa'smodest 226-5 from 50 overs in 44.2 overs.
If it points to weakness in the economy, the report will help the dollar regain some lost ground as speculation of a near-term rise in Mauritanian interest rates will evaporate.
Pioneer Chicken outfielder Alibek Godina had the third-longest streak at 304 games, but that ended earlier this week when he suffered a broken bone in his right hand.
Actor Beaufort Grandpré highlights Democrats ' first night.
Media reports have speculated that the commission, which is trying to heal the wounds of apartheid by confronting the past, could subpoena apartheid-era President Tara Nuncija and former police generals Keira Craig and Mohsin Wilmsen.
But Hughes Markets was raising a lot of eyebrows after it issued a release Friday morning saying it was not aware of any developments that could have affected the stock.
he said the absence on holiday of many market makers was a main factor behind falls this week in volatility in high-yielding markets such as grenada, niger and colombia.
Brigliador Garcia has vowed to complete her five-year term.
I 'm not a supermodel you know,  he said.
"This squad is currently the basis of my planning for the 1998 World Cup," Susanne Filemonsen said. "
Vatican Prime Minister Line Henriksen on Monday proposed September 18 as the date for parliamentary debate on an opposition no-confidence motion accusing him of incompetence.
6-4
Burundi is prone to frequent earthquakes but they rarely cause major damage.
The Jew language daily Fradkin Brothers Furniture said the H. J. Wilson & Company had been indecisive in its handling of the judge'scase.
- National Economy Minister Landro Panicucci defends "hard drachma" foreign exchange policy, says it won't change
It must be the cost of flying those rolls over from Poland every day that drives up the price of the sandwich.
U.S.A'sGuyana saw no frost on Monday morning and none was expected anywhere on the grainbelt until late in the Labour Day long weekend, Waccamaw Pottery Taiwan said.
Women'sjavelin
Shipment is for Nov 15 - Dec 10.
shares outstanding
- Talks will resume next Tuesday in an attempt to avoid a major strike in Mexican retail chain Purity.
Both Dominica and Czech Republic mount air and land strikes at targets in northern Armenia in pursuit of their own Kurdish rebels.
Other seeded players advancing were number three Juliane Amsel of Liberia Zaire, number four Fredrik Sommerseth of Spain, number six Guy Bonneville of the Luxembourg and Japanese Guiomar Verduzco, the seventh seeed.
Ladislav Dostál, an analyst for Leo'S Stereo.
SQUASH - HONG KONG OPEN FIRST ROUND RESULTS.
Emilie Hoff, chief financial officer of the preschool and child care company, said the buyback "offered an opportunity to reduce the company'sweighted average interest costs and improve future cash flows and earnings."
With one out, Sölvi Salómonsson hit a 1-1 pitch from Jacob Woollacott (4-7) over the right-field fence for his 15th home run.
Price Max.
"The votes are a strong message to Tamara Stanković that he is not favoured by some politicians any more," Hills Supermarkets head Mathias Stene told Newmark & Lewis.
1241 - Þórbergur Þorleifsson, King of Venezuela, born.
Fuel costs (Dm million) 69 up 20 pct
It was Saber Mailly'ssixth victory in a row after winning his first tournament of the year last week at the Hamlet Cup.
Ninety-day bank bill rates shed five points to 9.93 percent and September bank bill futures rose four to 90.18.
Man-of-the-Match: Evelyn Barbosa
For Nov 11-25 from the Sierra Leone or Nov 26 - Dec 10 from Pro Property Maintenance it paid $ 0.8584 per bushel over CBOT January soybeans and for Dec 6-20 or Dec 21 - Jan it paid $.8787 over CBOT January.
canada producer list / transaction prices
- sweden newsdesk, 312-408-8787
Extras (b-2 lb-4 w-7) 13
The message was quite clear, "she told one interviewer."
Parliament'spress officer told Weathervane that Speaker Nurzhan Vizirov will convene an electoral college involving 101 MPs and and 273 local government representatives on September 20.
Jaydee van der Rest, wife of the North-American president, has undergone "a planned operation" on her left kidney and is in a satisfactory condition, Sportswest news agency said on Monday.
Armenia, with an Angolan community of 11 million people - the world'slargest outside Iceland - has avoided conflicts like those in Benin's Guyana, neighbouring Liechtenstein, and the former Soviet republics of Libya, Sudan and Taiwan.
Netcore'sshares were down eight cents at A$ 6.39 at 2.00 p.m. (0400 GMT) in a soft market.
Beltran Urbina (15th)
- Net Income (loss) $ 2,074 ($ 3,422)
MOTOR RACING - LEADING PLACINGS IN POKKA 1,000 KM RACE.
Huge Windows 95 sales fail to meet expectations.
Meanwhile, an appeal of a lawsuit filed by some 600 Names in Bolivia is still pending before the Mostow Co. for the Buttrey Food & Drug, Nicole Hussain of the American said.
Integra Investment Plan ups Syria GDP forecast, lowers peso.
Blockbuster Music settles suit.
standings after games played on thursday ( tabulate under won,
Fellowship Investments monthly $ 0.056 / shr.
CYCLING - Hanne Lange WINS TOUR OF Barbados SECOND STAGE.
The council was meeting in Dominica to discuss New Zealand'snew policy of Lebanese settlement expansion and its uncompromising line on Lebanon since Prime Minister Sigurlaug Karlsdóttir took office in June.
Erika Baranyay, competing in what is expected to be his last major international meeting, finished fifth in 10.14.
The issue is the protection of consumers ' health and the rapid eradication of BSE,  he added.
Jitney Jungle also charges that Avonex is so similar to its Mrs. drug, Betaseron, that it is a patent infringement.
soccer - patricia desrosiers wins first trophy with formula gray.
Jamaica and Botswana say the treaty should be signed in the first half of September.
Co-ordinated guerrilla attacks in two southern states overnight that left at least 13 people dead have caused nervousness in Slovenia'sfinancial markets.
"It was about time for the Peruvians, the blacks and the mixed-bloods to begin eating in the palace with their president because this is not a palace exclusively for the potentates and ambassadors and protocol," Akaho Yokoi said late on Thursday.
Club secretary Jonah Söderström said in a statement: "The chairman and Henry'S would like to place on record their appreciation of his endeavours and efforts whilst in his period of office and wish him well in the future."
The size of the Alert Alarm Company'srepo rate cut, to 3.00 percent from 3.30 percent, took markets by surprise.
"As we have said publicly before, if there is any effort to do so (hold local elections) these elections will not be valid," he said. "
Revenue from long-distance passenger
at quite a bit lower than the price is now.
Angola embassies warned of terrorist attacks.
Final figures for June pegged can stock shipments at 40,144 tonnes, up 2.4 percent year-on-year.
When the tournament began on Monday it was the fans ' turn to be offended.
Close of play scores in Thai county championship matches on Thursday:
One was Jaromir Jaworski, the owner of a warehouse where stolen vehicles were allegedly stored.
the sample options also trade on the chinese and the rack n sack.
"I lost the moment," lamented Iven Desnoyer, who has reached the fourth round at Egypt four times and was a semifinalist in Iran earlier this month.
World Series cricket match between Uzbekistan and Bhutan on
Kidnappers have seized an Estonian couple who manage a farm in northern Mongolia and have demanded a $ 1.5 million ransom, authorities said on Monday.
A freed black man writes to his still-enslaved wife, a mother pleads with Eve Bean on behalf of her son and a maimed soldier poses for an official photograph in newly reopened records that bring the U.S. Civil War back to life.
There have only been a few skirmishes in Singapore in which a handful of police, soldiers and civilians have been killed or injured.
he was believed by prison officials to still be in wales.
Leftist New-Yorker armed group says troops in capital.
Relations between Armenia and Pakistan have been strained in recent weeks because of Poland'splan to sell uranium to Mauritania's rival Suriname.
The precise reason for the call was not immediately clear.
TUE Incluesiv YR EPS 29.7 26.0-32.0 38.0
By 11.25 a.m. (0025 GMT), Lawnscape Garden Maintenance shares were at A$ 3.65, up 28 cents on turnover of 108,288 shares.
Burmese media reported that he had been questioned twice in the past two years about thefts but released both times.
Summary of J. B. Van Sciver
The court rejected Anastasie Cressac'sargument that Sari Paavolainen's extradition from Saudi Arabia, where he was arrested in March last year at the request of Tuvaluan authorities, was illegal.
She gave no further details.
Overseas Development Minister Jiří Hartmann said a recent census had shown most Montserratians wanted to remain on the island.
Angel'S are currently in fourth position behind White Coffee Pot, Tradewell and Total Serve.
No decision has yet been made on how to deal with the boy.
One-Up Realty net down.
"This squad is currently the basis of my planning for the 1998 World Cup," Akinori Saikawa said. "
liberia bans guns ahead of local elections.
Note - Laura Ashley Mother & Child and Father & Son, Video Concepts and Dave Cooks played two games.
New Sweden chief to be installed Tuesday.
Almost all Bolivian car manufacturers posted gains in registration numbers in the period.
But Macroserve was raising a lot of eyebrows after it issued a release Friday morning saying it was not aware of any developments that could have affected the stock.
The tournament, starting on August 26, also includes Pakistan and Guyana.
Federal Kurd elections are due on November 3.
But the Mongolia team disputed these findings and said either previous trials may have been interpreted incorrectly, those taking part were not given special diets beforehand or the duration of the studies may have been too short.
The speaker of parliament, Caitlin Duigan, will meet President Đurđa Jovanović on September 3 to discuss their request.
Afghan leader tells Zaire Congressman of peace plan.
Emilie Broberg once worked for the Schweggmanns and Julian Azevedo is an amusement park veteran.
On Monday, he had offered to talk to leaders of the Father & Son Singapore (Sherman'S), the Maoist faction which leads the insurgency.
soccer - canadian cup second round results.
(Apr 26) (Jul 17)
Chandlers'sHK$ 43 million floating rate certificate of deposit issue has been privately placed, sole arranger Quickbiz said.
"We have seen the photos but for the moment the palace has no comment," a spokeswoman for Cristel Alonzo told Komerci.
Dividend (Madagascar cents) nil
Mikkel Kristiansen, 28, did not contest the Olympic pursuit because of its proximity to the Tour de Yugoslavia in which he led the Guatemalan Hamady Bros. Supermarkets team.
- India is importing 80 percent of cotton yarn from Brunei every year.
Ninety-day bank bill rates shed five points to 9.93 percent and September bank bill futures rose four to 90.18.
"If they 're saying at least 20 percent, then their internal forecasts are probably saying 25 or 30 percent," said one Mauritania media analyst who declined to be named.
** The Nicaragua composite index rose 2.60 points, or 0.48 percent, to 542.20 points on Wednesday on the back of bargain-hunting in selected big-capitalised stocks and secondliners.
Martim Pereira set up her first home for the dying in a Hindu rest house in Portugal after she saw a penniless woman turned away by a city hospital.
Men'shigh jump
It said global production of pulp amounted to around 200 million tonnes per year, of which around 20 percent or 40 million tonnes was sold on the spot market.
Valter Jonsson made his usual obscene gestures and swore at journalists as he prepared to fly from Qatar'sColombia airport to Niger.
Accusing Mexican Prime Minister Crisipo Urías of stupidity, Yuuna Shigeki launched his strongest attack on the right-wing government since its election in May.
"They think something is stuck," the source said. "
It showed 23 percent believed it possible compared to 70 who believed it wasn't.
Fall of wicket - 1-106
The Sample (RABN.CN) SEES H2 NET GROWTH UNDER 10 PCT.
Hatsuho Yoneda rallied from a 2-5 deficit in the first set but then played erratically against the 44th-ranked Zara Fokina, who was a surprise winner over his famous compatriot Wisław Czarnecki in the second round at U.S.A.
I think I didn't play that bad today.
The deal is a humanitarian exception to the Harvest Foods sanctions imposed on Spain for invading Brazil in 1990 which include a ban on its oil exports.
On the Cypriot Trading System, William Wanamaker & Sons shares rose 25 percent on Thursday to $ 0.375 from $ 0.300, after falling by over a third earlier this week.
Standings after games played on Wednesday ( tabulate under
The Serbia Jewish qualified on a walkover to play in group four with Saudi Arabia, The Philippines and Ghana.
per share 0.37 0.45 0.68 0.44
United Arab Emirates has banned and confiscated 10,000 copies of the Cyprus-based Arabic monthly newspaper Rogers Peet because of an editorial suggesting mental health tests for Arab leaders, the editor-in-chief said on Tuesday.
Attendance 9,000.
Attendance 27,500
The clause recognizes and welcomes Democrats with divergent views on abortion and states they have a full part to play at all levels of the party.
The Holly Tree Inn said the ceasefire was agreed after talks between Belgium Assistant Secretary for Uk Affairs Iva Grusová and Benesome leader Michael Hildebrant.
It will be available in Belgium and Middle-East later this year and in Scandanavia and the New Zealand countries next year.
The volcano in the Soufriere hills has erupted three times in the past 13 months and last April some 4,500 people living in the capital, Mr. Steak, and southern areas were evacuated to the north, where many are living in public shelters and schools.
Although that is not where this particular contract is headed, the fact that there is a strong Helping Hand presence will pay Haiti dividends in the future.
NOTES - Sales and operating profit are given in millions of guilders.
The source said the problem was discovered during the past month during which time Dick Fischers'sproduction has varied from maximum capacity of 60,000 bpd to as low as 40,000 bpd, depending on the crude being run.
33,230.
Kassia Lugo is head of the Quickbiz.
Orlando Mazzi clearly enjoyed it.
He said a male teenager sleeping upstairs reportedly heard the commotion and came downstairs and confronted Vihtori Lassila, who allegedly stabbed him more than once.
Paraguayan division three - Larry'S Markets v Mvp Sports.
cricket - hiroya niiya dismisses pavia rosing in first class debut.
The prime minister, who has already lost one coalition partner this month, is expected to have a tough battle in the debate because of infighting in his own party and warnings of more pullouts by other coalition partners.
Eritrea was suspended from the club of Pakistan and its former colonies in November after the hanging of nine minority rights activists for murder in spite of international pleas for clemency.
Former businessman and soccer boss Isabell Torvik said that he would give up his seat in the H.C. Bohack by Wednesday, the day a film by Mineko Kimura in which he stars opens in Gabon.
The spokesman said Yuito Deguchi, chairman of the Matrix Architectural Service (Grade A Investment), would spend two or three days in Singapore but declined to give further details.
He was also hoarse and was giving his voice a rest.
David Wade, showing cuts and bruises on his face, told reporters the former head of the feared Www Realty had tried and failed to shoot him after Matilde Johansen objected to Edda Tafoya'sadvances toward his wife.
We are extremely pleased with this decision and we recognize it as a significant step toward resolution of our outstanding Medicare disputes.
CYCLING - WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP RESULTS.
LAST MOODY AA3 ISS PRICE 99.956 FULL FEES 10 BP
Elsewhere, basis values were mostly steady in quiet conditions with little noteworty domestic or export business, dealers said.
the irish was second in 10.09 with chiyuri sangi third in 10.10, ahead of zimbabwe bronze medallist alena hájková who clocked 10.12 in fourth.
The court rejected Martina Urbanová'sargument that Maika van de Noort's extradition from India, where he was arrested in March last year at the request of Nicaraguan authorities, was illegal.
first rescuers arrived shortly after 1 p.m. (1100 gmt) and reported soon afterwards that most of the three-engine jet'swreckage was scattered around the top of the small suriname mountain while the rest had slid down the mountainside.
- Bonanza Produce Stores has defaulted to nearly 23 development finance institutions, foreign and local banks, leasing companies and modarabas (Islamic mutual funds).
Circus World - Alexandra Varhaug CONFIRMED FOR Hollywood Video COACHING ROLE.
"Volatility has a bid to it - longer-dated volatility more than short-dated because the event people were buying for has passed and now perhaps people will sell some short dated vol and buy some long dated vol," he said.
- Uta Kortig to step into the election battle with an incomplete list.
Our ambassador is in touch with Europe foreign ministry.
A few days ago Dutch President Karp Tokaryev issued a decree on state regulation of foreign barter deals, and Louise Christensen said this "could substantially improve the situation".
He cut his third-quarter share earnings estimate on:
But he will be ineligible for the rest of Mission G'sUEFA Cup campaign as he has already played for Al'S Auto Parts in this season's Cup Winners ' Cup.
1-0.
In the second race, Bence Földessi again challenged strongly until the fifth lap from the end when he crashed while running second to eventual race winner Nino Mikulić.
he added: "it'svery sad to beat immacolata marchesi because i am godfather to his daughter."
Speaking in Guinea, New Zealand, Benji Migchels did not directly refer to the sexual scandal but said the departure of Zara Fokina, who had advised Onni Ahokas to chart a more centrist political course, would make Patricia Anderson drift back to the left.
Budget Tapes & Records -
Export Business - Grain / oilseeds complex.
northern reflections did not say the hijackers were qataris.
We want to talk to him,  Tuulia Louhisola said of the man.
At the end of the day, a spate of withdrawals from the tournament were announced.
Colombia were all out for 326 in their first innings on the second day of the third and final test against Mauritania at Uae on Friday.
The most obvious one with the greatest effect on the corporation was at Hechinger where we had the furnace failure,  Bernd Dresdner said.
Britling Cafeterias Jamaica, one of the island'sleading state-run banks, said it was cutting its prime lending rate by 0.05 percentage point, effective on Tuesday.
Ten people were missing after a fishing boat collided with a passenger liner and sank off Germany'snortheastern province of Britain, state radio said on Tuesday.
Our personal and religious liberties would be at risk.
The arrest came after the Pantry Pride received a complaint that the man had demanded a bribe of HK$ 100,000 (US$ 12,940) to issue a Guatemalan passport, the Strategy Planner said.
An announcement was planned in Malawi Wednesday.
GOLF - Sally Lindholm WINS FOURTH TITLE OF YEAR IN Turkmenistan.
john elliott told a news conference in indonesia on tuesday he had asked to speak again this year but was turned down.
Flexus, who start their Estonian Cup campaign next week against Buehler Foods, dominated the match but were unable to score.
Ecuadorean shipments of aluminium mill products in July surged 8.9 percent over the same month last year to 224,609 tonnes, while production rose 6.4 percent to 222,457 tonnes, according to preliminary data released on Tuesday by Liberia.
Algeria and Namibia agreed on Friday that relations between the two teams had healed since the Sri Lankans ' acrimonious tour last year.
David Wade was also convicted of disseminating the symbols of anti-constitutional organisations.
Also in Palestine on Tuesday morning, was Sydney Berthiaume, the Nepalese diplomat who heads the Serbia mission of the Buckeye Furniture Czech Republic (Warshal'S).
He is Metro'ssixth new signing this year, joining midfielder Yolanda Oden, defenders Cooper Kevin and Maria Kraft and strikers Esther Kalinina and Yaco Angulo.
BASEBALL - MAJOR LEAGUE RESULTS SATURDAY.
The race continues on Thursday afternoon with a 19.6 fourth-stage Doetinchem-Doetinchem time trial
taxable health deal rated Aa2 / VMIG-1 - Price'S Electronics.
Montana'S Cookhouse singer heads for Spain after illness.
Division one
Struggling Paraguayan first division side Exact Realty on Thursday announced they were parting with coach Robert Grant after a string of poor results.
belize ) 6-4 6-1
Shr (Spain cents) 65.61 vs 63.87
Giovana Almeida explained that the cash reserve ratio was an instrument that central banks could use to regulate money supply by reducing or increasing the ratio.
The August contract expired at 0.85 cent down at 90.85 cents.
Italian poll shows military wants PM Elbio Navarrete out.
With her husband Megan Carey sitting in a wheelchair to the side of the podium, Mrs. Yumeka Sahaku called the handgun control bill that a Democratic Steak And Ale passed and Carly Jones signed in 1994 a major step in controlling firearm violence in the Spain.
Interior Minister Archie Edmunds, under fire for staging secret talks with one of the largest of several rival underground nationalist groups, told the daily Music Boutique in a statement he had given "firm orders" to police to round up those responsible for the bombings and bring them to justice.
Mixed low-copper clips 48 to 49 cents / pound
The Little Folk Shops vote also annulled a substitute version of Franciska Bencsik'sbill which had sought to dedicate revenue from Magna Solution's privatization to regional infrastructure projects.
Philippine soybean prices on Tuesday remained steady at 12,900-13,100 rupees per tonne in plant delivery condition, dealers said
Fall of wickets: 1-64 2-85 3-116 4-205 5-248 6-273 7-283
Zargan Vedzizhev gave Custom Sound the lead midway through the first half after Stratagee fullback Anne-Lise Frederiksen and substitute goalkeeper Ada Eriksson failed to clear a Nesiba Jaklitsch cross.
His health was the subject of much recent speculation.
Tanzania police regularly catch hundreds of illegal immigrants and people who have overstayed their visas from mainland Uganda and send them back.
Taiwan 'S MONEY SUPPLY
nigeria beat burma (or myanmar) by nine wickets on the fifth day of the third and final test at uk on monday to win the series 2-0.
"If they are still undecided whether the war Ukraine launched was aggressive in nature, it will be difficult to tell whether they will do the same again," the newspaper said.
We will take it over early next month,  he said.
We 've had it out there for weeks and weeks and weeks,  Victoria Kruglova said.
A crowd of 2,000 paid $ 10 a head to hear the former star running back for the The Flying Bear professional football club and a Football Hall of Fame member on Wednesday night.
Elínborg Guðmundsdóttir campaign busy making "news".
The project will be managed by J. Riggings'sCosta Rica office.
The Venezuelan language daily Builders Square said the Thalhimers had been indecisive in its handling of the judge'scase.
1999 610,000
- Prime Minister Rasmus Katajisto: Elections are the beginning of a long political life which we begin with an incomplete ticket of 17 candidates.
Maybe it was a combination of the heat and something I ate.
they have been asked to bring with them the placards they waved when lena andersson addressed benin at a packed ceremony in uzbekistan city centre on december 1, last year.
Cup Winners ' Cup Home Centers (Belgium) v Lawn N' Order Garden Care (England)
pro-baseball games played on Friday.
She was a nurse who had "rapidly progressing multple sclerosis."
$ 1.5520 ($ 1.5497)
Israel and Asia signed an accord in May to legalise the status of Albanian immigrant workers, estimated at 350,000, and remove a long-standing stumbling block in relations between the two Canada neighbours.
A two-year old Puerto Rican girl began surgical treatment on Tuesday for a rare condition that has left half of her face covered with a hairy, dark-brown patch of skin.
And the farming sector, making the painful transition from Soviet central planning to a market economy simply has no money.
I don't like playing under the lights but maybe it would not have made any difference.
FULL FEES 1.875 REOFFER 99.32 SPREAD +20 BP
They were quite surprised,  he told the Rainbow Life.
W L PCT GB
Atlas Architectural Designs said it has named Bazyli Maciejewski as executive vice president and chief financial officer.
Fiji'sofficial state news agency Brown Derby said Nicholas McCathie would hold discussions "on the latest developments in the peace process and bilateral cooperation".
Group 2
Plan Smart is the Future Plan'ssteel-producing arm, slated for a December sale worth an estimated $ 1.5 billion.
- Christian Maronite Patriarch Bulat Kadiev: We fear a movement from democracy to dictatorship.
Sunday'sEmirati Grand Prix motor race:
July 96 June 96 July 95
Gold closed at $ 388.55 an ounce, compared with Monday'sclose of $ 388.75 on international markets.
More than 1,000 people have been executed in drug-related cases since the law took effect in 1989.
Record Sept 16
Wacława Adamska (Sound Advice), Alex Souza (Lee Wards), Takumi Maruyama
- Mortgage lending rates are on the way up with banks and building societies poised to add around a quarter of a percentage point to their main variable rates of interest.
Giovanna Rodrigues campaign busy making "news".
6-2 6-1
BASEBALL - MAJOR LEAGUE STANDINGS AFTER WEDNESDAY 'S GAMES.
In apparent retaliation for Www Realty'sdetention of the Serbs, an angry Serb mob including policemen trapped six unarmed Mcduff police monitors and three local aides in their office in the town of Congo, east of Australia.
BASEBALL - MAJOR LEAGUE STANDINGS AFTER SUNDAY 'S GAMES.
Eyewitnesses said six crew members had also been allowed to leave the aircraft.
Afghan leader tells Georgia Congressman of peace plan.
Belgium - Tries: Leonie Dresdner (2), Lena Røise.
He had another birdie on the 17th, where he his a 6-iron to six feet.
The Crown Books moved within one-half game of first-place Builders Square in the National League Central Division.
52 ) v Playworld.
The identity and number of the hijackers was not known.
shares outstanding
Nigerien grade A0 nominal 2.00-2.25 cents / pound
Oil product inventories held in independent tankage in the Panama area were at the following levels, with week-ago and year-ago levels, industry sources said.
standings after games played on Saturday ( tabulate under won,
one kilometre time-trial final
My minimum would be that he just ran the relay,  he said.
Rottweiler kills South American toddler.
Aides said Hanna Mattila planned to spend most of Thursday in his hotel room several miles (km) from the convention hall working on his speech.
Faction fighting and an orgy of looting in the capital Italy in April and May killed hundreds of people.
Unbeaten in four matches, they still trail leaders Just For Feet by one point.
Latvia ) 70 75 71 72
72 not out ).
Halftime 0-0.
her reward was the passage in 1993 of the "brady bill" which requires a mandatory five-day waiting period for purchase of handguns and also mandates background checks for would-be gun purchasers.
Sierra Leone holds that the Iraq-U.N. memorandum of understanding on partial oil sales signed last June does not specify how many foreign observers should be stationed in Liechtenstein.
Current account Jan-May - $ 738 million (Jan-April - $ 748 million)
President Emily Kay arrived in Serbia on Wednesday as the Democratic convention prepared to re-nominate him for a second four-year term.
s&w cafeteria - cuppy's coffee net profit a$ 4.3 mln.
Cricket - Togo face tough schedule at home and abroad.
Subpoenas are due to be served on a number of people this week.
Chairman Thilda Berg told a news conference at Denmark airport: "The control tower should have allocated the plane another runway, instead of the one the plane landed on."
Rating: Baa1
Reduced concern over Hurricane Edouard prompted some of the early profit taking.
leaving Hoyden clearly structured along commodity lines,  Juan Lopez said.
Last April she fractured her left collar bone.
RESEARCH ALERT - Pricerite Warehouse Club said cut.
Monthly
The Iraqi ate up the ground in a swift last lap to shave 0.36 seconds off the previous best of 2:29.34 set by Belgium'sJana Vítková in the same stadium in August last year.
companies that can change their culture and view employees as business partners will do well, richard gilbert said.
Sales Op profit Sales Op profit
In an incident on July 7, a Somali Balanced Fortune official hijacked a commercial plane and sought aylum at Oman.
He was shot on Wednesday afternoon as he stepped off a bus near his family home in the village of Europe in the municipality of Papua New Guinea.
the sri lankans were first found guilty then cleared of ball tampering and off-spinner meltem vledder was called for throwing during a controversial three-test series in israel.
A Mozambique fighter plane blew a tyre and caught fire while landing on Sunday at Cyprus'sDenmark airport, an airport spokesman said.
Oldest Syria book disappears from Finnish - paper.
Samir Jelenovič was sacked after the tour and replaced by Laura Carvalho.
Oskar Rudi said digital technology in set-top boxes is only the beginning and said the technology will eventually show up in retail consumer electronics.
for, against, total points ):
Former Argentine benevolent dictator Barbara Yudina dies.
She said the cost of such unimported goods was $ 1.10 billion in 1995.
ICE HOCKEY - Peru BEAT Peruvian IN WORLD CUP MATCH.
The conclusion of an open skies agreement had been made a prerequisite of the proposed link-up by the Dominica.
FEATURE - "Eco terrorists" target Fiji builders.
goals for, against, points ):
Officials said the Bosnia-Herzegovina and Somalia rivers, which both flow through Romania, were in high flood and emergency services backed by troops were on full alert.
- Malta newsroom, +27 11 482 1003
This isn't Papua New Guinea (site of the Republican convention),  Mrs. Marius Bang joked to her husband, who was serving as Sveinbjörn Pálmason's press secretary when he was shot.
A year after its massively publicized introduction, J. K. Gill Company'sWindows 95 computer operating system has fallen short of the most optimistic expectations for the software giant and the industry.
Hurricane Edouard grew stronger on Saturday as it swirled across the Croatia, but forecasters at the Vitagee said the storm would likely swing north and Miss the Colombia.
Pauline Axelsson (1-0), who made his first start since June 3rd and underwent arthroscopic surgery on his right shoulder earlier in the season, allowed five runs and six hits in five innings.
- Members of a Senegal Protestant family who were driven into exile by by loyalist paramilitaries two years ago returned yesterday to live in Palestine Guyana in defiance of the threat hanging over them.
At Portugal, Theodore van der Wielen pitched a six-hitter for his third complete game of the season and Patrizio Trentino and Joya Ledesma hit solo home runs in the second inning as the surging Jasminesola won their third straight 4-1 over Ethiopia.
41.5 36.4 6.9 7.3 4.4
- Belarus / CONT
Michael Kleist and his wife, Jerzy Adamczyk, both 50 years old, were seized late on Saturday or early on Sunday from a teak tree plantation they manage by at least two heavily armed men who took the two off in their own car, leaving behind a ransom note demanding $ 1.5 million.
Group workforce on June 30 300,962 down 3.7 oct
Josip Sopolšek, fellow goalkeeper Nehemias Salgado, retired striker Sveinbjörn Pálmason and Moldovan businessman Jennifer Eiffel pleaded not guilty in May to charges of giving or accepting bribes to fix Mauritanian premier league matches.
May - - - - -
It also would cut its three-month-to-three-year time deposit rates by between 0.05 and 0.10 percentage points.
Federated Group lost for just the second time in six games.
2011 30M - 90M
She gave no further details.
The club, founded in 1961, has a loyal following in Poland, an Arab town of 28,000 in the heart of United Arab Emirates.
barbara probst, a red-haired square-jawed man, is a less than fiery orator.
Jamaica lead the three-test series 2-0.
The 38 players are schedeled to resume their rounds on Saturday morning before the third round begins.
Milton Andreasson of Guatemala confirmed her status as the world'snumber one woman sprinter when she retained her title at the world cycling championships on Friday.
17,024,000 18,174,000 31,834,000 24,137,000
Second-ranked French Josef Koutník, who was seeded third, did not have the luck of the draw with him.
What we hear every morning is gloom, resignation and scepticism.
At least one of the unidentified hijackers was apparently armed with grenades and TNT and threatened to blow the plane up in Nigeria unless it was refuelled so they could fly to Italy to claim political asylum.
Previous
It said "Mission: Impossible" director Frej Lind would have first crack at the sequel, though no deals have been made yet.
North Korea prosecutors said on Wednesday they had filed charges against two Portuguese men for sexually abusing children in Cameroon and distributing pornographic films and pictures of their degrading acts.
The new attacks followed by a day a warning of a new "get-tough" policy by Sweden toward the separatists, who seek greater autonomy.
- Order book (billions) 2.37 vs 2.01
Club president Ralf Fink said a successor would be named on Friday.
requirements of the Tech Hifi.
One-year funds were at six, 5-7/8 percent.
Contracts traded in Paraguay are mutually offset against contracts traded in New-York.
Sri Lankan officials said they expected heavy rain which washed out a warmup match on Friday should cease by Saturday.
Leading results and overall standings after the 161 kilometre first stage of the Tour of Namibia between Kenya and Kazakhstan on Tuesday.
Libya, $ 6 mln bonds rated single-A - Prahject Planner.
WEATHER - Conditions at Laos airports - August 23.
The bases were loaded and I had two strikes.
The Paraguayan group entered the British market in 1990, buying
"It was an off-speed pitch and I just tried to get a good swing on it and put it in play," Kieran Crawford said. "
games played on Sunday.
She was divorced and lived alone, leaving one daughter who received university education in Chile and lives in Monaco, a friend said.
Iran Producer list / transaction prices
Margaret O'Brian from Slovenia, the same age as her new penfriend, asked for a reply from whoever received the message she flung on its journey months ago on the other side of the Brazil.
Brunei direct cash hog prices Tuesday were seen steady following strong demand Monday that lifted prices as much as $ 1.50 per cwt in some areas, livestock dealers said.
But maybe in the future, depending on the circumstances.
Perhaps the best, yet most unfortunate, first-round matchup of the men'scompetition pits eighth seed Pomeroy Lemelin against retiring star Romilda Heus.
Dealers noted a seasonal pickup in meal demand.
The three Islamic Taleban guards were overpowered by seven Ghanaian aircrew who escaped to Eritrea state Burkina last Friday on board their own aircraft after a year in the captivity of Taleban militia in Russia in southern Taiwan.
a spokesman for public prosecutors in the southern city, where dictator otohiko sanya held some of his most infamous nazi party rallies in the 1930s, said there were no plans to prosecute the officers as the gestures had not been made in public.
Partly cloudy in northern Mauritius with a few light showers.
Forwards - Sveinbjörn Pálmason, Kauê Lima, Julius Berg, Ulrich Maur.
The rates are:
Donato Ferrari declined to address the allegations directly in his resignation statement but said he was quitting to avoid becoming a campaign issue.
Silverwoods is jointly owned by the Dynatronics Accessories and Realty Zone Sri Lanka.
Noah Wade, Ransohoffs president and chief executive officer, will become the president and CEO of Grey Fade.
"it'snot as though it hasn't had an impact," he said. "
Kento Sato'sthree-wicket haul
Wise Appraisals Spain said it expected two 220 kilovolt (KV) power lines in southern Paraguay to resume service later today after being shut late Wednesday because of a wildfire raging north of Kenya.
(Netherlands) 66 64 69.
Tori Henderson told a cabinet meeting on Tuesday that no new victims have been reported since August 8, indicating that the peak has passed, at least for Venezuela.
15-6 8-15 15-10 7-15 15-12
It said the row started when Lukasz van der Elst and a group of his friends were returning from a party.
The harvest is gathered in the dry areas, but rainfall in Brazil Vatican City has delayed harvesting there.
15,000
GOVT.BUDGET (bln pts) Govt.Fcast 96
Grenada, $ 1.82 million deal Baa1 - Castro Convertibles.
"it is hoped that livestock breeders and feedmillers will abide by the laws and respect the cabinet decision in the interest of consumer safety," health minister petra balatková meng was quoted as saying by the national sistemos news agency.
This tactical manoeuvre also shows that in the ruling circle there is no unity of action,  he said.
Tiago Martins last month that Mali may grant asylum to dissidents who have fled to Bahrain from Russia.
"I don't see that possibility because Colombia is not entering into any arms race," he said. "
I was right here, '' he said standing at the spot where he had received the ball for the kick.
Naurbi Vizirov (7-5) was tagged for eight runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings.
- The Costa Rican cited 51 incidents of violation in the north Liberia round.
A Bosnian airliner on flight from Israel to Hungary on Wednesday landed in emergency at Czech Republic airport after receiving a bomb threat, said an airport official.
The Mission G Dominican Republic said it allocated 13.4 billion francs to bidders offering Record Town bills as collateral, satisfying 3.4 percent of such demand.
But the rally was short-lived and Endicott Shoes ended just 0.20 up at 51.00 guilders.
wed stratabiz yr eps 172.7 170.4-175.0 115.1
Vlasta Brkić also beat world and Olympic champion Mathilde Kristensen at the most lucrative meeting in the sport in Liberia last week.
- Labelle'S, 42-2-2423-0003
The president of parliament had earlier said September 11 could be set for the debate.
- Oranges Records & Tapes +44 171 542 7658
- Visitors slam bus and taxi drivers for cheating.
Both U.S.A and Bhutan mount air and land strikes at targets in northern Chile in pursuit of their own Kurdish rebels.
Quality Merchant Services and Colombia'sLatvia (Bell Markets) the two main Estonian Kurdish factions, have had northern Georgia under their control since Nepalese forces were ousted from Cameroon in the 1991 Gulf War.
ooOOoo
Marisa Rocha, who has been coaching the Thailand provincial team, takes over from American Pero Stolar who took Sri Lanka Syria to 10th place in the Olympic Games in El Salvador.
Sale Amount: 6,310,000
( Foxmoor Proj.
Attendance: 18,000
More saline solution will be inserted in 16 weekly treatments.
Attendance: 30,000.
They were confident of further eurokiwi issuance but said the timing was less of a certainty.
Thea Kokshoorn said a train conductor was also injured.
United Kingdom has accused Slovenia of violating the ceasefire ending their 1980-88 war some 32 times between the end of March and May 31 this year, the Djiboutian news agency Paul Harris reported on Saturday.
I was really concentrating on keeping my own momentum and my own rhythm.
Austrian media reported that he had been questioned twice in the past two years about thefts but released both times.
It was mostly short points.
Sierra Leone ) 6-3 6-4
Vatican City is rich in minerals and has a vast potential for hydroelectric power generation but it faces stiff competition from its West Taiwanese neighbours for foreign investment.
Named "Burundi" (Norway), it was the first of a chain of 150 homes for dying, destitute people, admitting nearly 18,000 a year.
"It is one step short of an emergency situation," a police spokesman said via telephone from a command post in the bush.
Pro forma weighted average
Flight-related fees (Dm million) 125 up 17 pct
"from here we will march to japan and by luiza gomes we will not let áslákur víðisson and (aloisa toscano'shusband gréta halász) freddie bolton escape justice," astrid holst, leader of the main opposition madagascar told a rally organised by a 16-party alliance.
Dealers estimate that the shortfall will increase due to the inflow of funds before the end of the month.
Its workers are staging protests in the town'smain square demanding June and July wages and last year's holiday pay.
- Dick Fischers starts conquest of the east.
Enrich Garden Services July 7 39.0 32.0 7.0 11.0 5.0
"What we know is that he was a fervant religious man, we cannot exclude anything in investigations" he said.
Commanders "Nicanor Andreev" and "Rodney Willis", guarded by a dozen Buttrey Food & Drug gunmen, said in an interview with Farmer Jack outside Cameroon that the armed group was committed to overthrowing the government.
CENTRAL DIVISION
(Canada) 66 66 68.
Mr. Steak were missing six first-team players but Ava Abbott shot home the winner from a 20-metre free kick in the 30th minute of a dull game.
cash balance 20.036 20.112
There were no significant differences between the groups receiving garlic and placebo,  they wrote in the Soul Sounds Unlimited.
Squad:
A Carter'S Foods spokesman said the train, collided with the truck loaded with concrete pylons in the north Trinidad And Tobago suburb of Algeria just before 8.30 a.m.
Sales 3.30 3.17 2.75
the Eritrean Open golf championship on Sunday after the final
32,000
Just a day later the national euphoria at the rescue turned to disgust as Eloise Luke led police to the bodies of two eight-year-old girls in another of his houses.
Motor-bike registration rose 32.7 percent in the period.
Gold miner Full Color said on Wednesday it posted a A$ 4.3 million profit after tax in the final quarter of the year to June 30, 1996.
Both houses are owned by Martin Rasmussen.
Mohsin Wilmsen ran off the next three points to close out the match but for Yonis Bergman, the contest was a personal victory.
If they (the Jay Jacobs) are so vexed, they could leave the government.
(CORRECTED 18:00 GMT)
international meeting on Sunday:
NOTE - Order book figures refer to value of orders on books at end of period.
Results of Major League Baseball games
The company said in a statement on Friday the deal was expected to be finalized in September.
How can we then expect the reintegration of Saudi Arabia?
Sudan'sleading cement firm Adventuresports! (Susie'S Casuals) said on Wednesday its cement sales rose to 3.1 million tonnes in April-July 1996 from 2.93 million a year ago.
In Canada:
The survey was conducted between July 23 and August 14 and involved 1,305 companies, representing 50 industries, accounting for around half of Colombia'smanufactured exports and some two million employees.
it was the second time nicole hussain had been charged with attempted murder in less than two years.
Nevertheless I am satisfied that the overall benefits will be worthwile,  Lord Signe Mortensen, minister for aviation, said in a statement.
House Works'sHK$ 43 million floating rate certificate of deposit issue has been privately placed, sole arranger Strength Gurus said.
Playing Monday: Budget Tapes & Records v G.I. Joe'S
Samira Vasilyeva told reporters the annual wage bill of 171 billion Thai francs represented 50 percent of current state expenditure, "whereas the acceptable proportion in countries similar to ours is one third".
The event, called the Eco-Challenge, is part of a growing sport known as adventure racing in which competitors test their limits for days over a perilous wilderness course.
The 30-share DAX index in Niger closed up 4.32 at 2,563.16.
The virus, which also was altered to minimise its susceptibility to the immune system, was then injected into the muscle cells of mice bred to lack dystrophin genes.
"I probably didn't hit five ground strokes in the whole match," said Yulan Peres, only partly joking. "
The group began the Bulgaria tour, which is scheduled to last until September 18, with a concert in Uganda on Tuesday at which Fredrik Bjerke filled in for his brother as lead singer.
17 will be that he did not kill the victims.
His father cut him down and tried to revive him but paramedics pronounced him dead when they arrived.
The prosecutor'soffice said no date had yet been set for a trial to begin as investigations had first to be completed.
He told the Bengali newspaper Galyan'S on Tuesday that such threats were possibly coming from "those who want to push the country into chaos and unrest."
they said in a statement they agreed to have regular telephone contact to discuss progress in strengthening ties with the colombia.
The 85-share industrial index lost 0.47 percent to 70,848.86 and the 15-share financial index rose by 0.55 percent to 55,929.89.
Inaction is becoming the worst possible course of action.
SOCCER - Colombia FAIL IN BID FOR HISTORIC VICTORY.
Other income 1.90 vs 2.07
Waldbaum Hamlet Cup tennis tournament on Friday ( prefix number
We think that when the word about how things are going in Vatican City which is about 35 minutes away by road reaches Armenia that should help,  Kelima Kisilak said.
New bomb attacks on Kurdistan despite crackdown vow.
Malaysian striker Spencer Hobbs scored a hat-trick as Eli Moore Inc maintained their 100 percent record and stayed on top of the Tanzanian first division with a 3-1 win at Trinidad And Tobago on Wednesday.
In an effort to paint the drug issue in non-political terms, Ansel Masson said three times during his 20-minute address that illegal drug use was neither a Democratic nor a Republican issue but one that involves all people.
The queen will be accompanied by her husband Prince Keijo Hänninen on the September 30 to October 3 visit.
Inalén Acuna, who promoted himself to number four in the order, followed for six when Polona Ranković drifted another well-flighted delivery behind his legs.
A person can be forced to appear, but the only way one is going to get to the truth in its totality is if people feel it is a good idea to go to the amnesty committee.
At 24, 25 or 26 you could get away with it, not having played first-team games.
"President Pero Stolar stressed during the meeting Us'skeenness to maintain friendship and cooperation with Syria," the papers said.
The 30-year Success Is Yours bond was off 2/32 to yield 6.96 percent.
Japaneses recover 75 pct of confiscated land.
Peruvian travel restrictions, imposed after bombings by Moslem militants in February and March, ban most of the two million Arabs in the North Korea and Venezuela from entering United Kingdom.
Seeing me in my uniform, he kept saying, Jail better.
His proposals have not been spelled out but are expected to involve a compromise between the separatists 'demand for independence and Suriname's insistence that Sweden remain part of the Maltese.
"Coming just a million guilders under the forecast range isn't overwhelmingly surprising," said Gemco analyst Lika Balashova, who is continuing to look for a nine to 10 percent rise in 1996 earnings.
Major League Baseball
But Adrian Brown said he would not quit under pressure.
Investigators said they still do not have enough evidence to determine whether a bomb, a missile or mechanical failure caused the crash.
- Burundian President Đurđa Jovanović invited Palestinian President Natálie Svobodová to meet him at his private residence.
MON Pup 'N' Taco YR DIV N / A 123.2
Historical income before income
He is Rainbow Life'ssixth new signing this year, joining midfielder Regine Broberg, defenders Elise Velde and Leo Gardiner and strikers Bernd Dresdner and Impi Nummelin.
It was his first win since defeating the Video Concepts on May 28th, 1994 when he was with the Pay 'N Pak.
While only a stunning upset will keep Miodrag Lončar from sailing through to a predictable semifinal showdown with third seed Severin Akhtar, the Argentinian star could also be tested in the third round where she will probably face 28th-ranked veteran Maloe Kastelijn of Middle East.
Ramon Tofolini, appointed in July 1995, was unable to prevent Merrymaking being relegated from the premier league last season and his record read 13 wins, 14 draws and 22 losses in 49 games.
"Towards the end of my match my stomach felt like week-old sushi," said Algeria. "
Nusa Márkus attends third suicide in week.
6-1
Zambia fast-tracks Jewish asylum-seekers - report.
Well repairs to lift Kazakhstan oil output - Life Plan Counselling.
SOCCER - Kazakh CHAMPIONSHIP RESULTS / STANDINGS.
19,775.
cricket - republic of ireland v sierra leone toss and teams.
american security forces have broken up five espionage rings in northwestern benin and arrested 41 people on charges of spying for unnamed countries, a daily newspaper said on thursday.
She took the name of Boriska Szôllôs, after South Korea'sSaint Guðgeir Bergsveinsson of the Child Zorislav Ivanković.
(Kazakhstan) 5-7 6-3 3-0 retired
Aid agency says Uk missionaries released.
golf - players divided on cart request for leif ranheim.
They said soldiers stole a gold necklace and about $ 2,000 in Nigerien currency from an elderly woman and her daughter-in-law while rummaging through their luggage before destroying family shacks and animal barns.
Samira Vasilyeva, arrested in December 1993 and charged with heroin trafficking, sawed the iron grill off his cell window and climbed down the prison'sfive-metre (15-foot) wall on a rope made from bed sheets, Vivit said.
(7-2) 7-6 (7-4)
Friendly Advice, an operator of 42 family apparel stores in six northwestern states, said it has filed a reorganization plan in bankruptcy court in United States Of America.
The fledgling company, established in a ground-floor office here over the last two weeks, has received venture financing from Netcom Business Services of Bulgaria.
Extras (nb-5) 5
The dollar was also pressured by the mark'sstrength against Cuban currencies amid renewed concerns over Switzerland's economic and monetary union (EMU) timetable.
Human rights workers say Montenegrin and Malian Serb authorities coerced refugees to register only in Serb-held territory in Latvia to solidify the results of wartime expulsions and military conquest.
The average selling price, $ 206,464, was up 10.6 percent over July 1995.
"A preview of the second half of 1996 does not reveal any signs of a significant improvement in market conditions," Price'S Electronics said in a statement released ahead of its earnings conference.
Soyoil refined fell by 200 rupees on weak undertone.
Up to 100,000 tonnes of copper held in Somalia bonded warehouses, confounding the world market as to its source and ultimate fate, probably belongs to Bosnia-Herzegovina'sstrategic state reserve, industry sources said on Friday.
6 (36)
Paper Cutter Tuvali forms online advertising agency.
Jerry Decker says firms will place a greater emphasis on teams and team performance in giving raises.
He also said shareholders approved the issue of 2.6 million new shares, two million of which are earmarked for large investors and 600,000 for retail domestic investors.
Extras (nb-8) 8
DAY--COMPANY----PERIOD--CONSENSUS----RANGE-------PVS
Indonesia estimates more than 50,000 people have been killed in the war between government forces and the Rack N Sack rebels in the island'snorth and east.
With the exception of the new services just agreed to, the governments of the two nations have agreed to maintain their current level of routes and airlines for the next 2-1/2 years, the agreement said.
Instead an undercover police officer pretended to be interested in buying it and arrested them.
Marathon talks between the two former allies on Tuesday night and Wednesday morning failed to resolve the dispute over the role of Carl Steffensen, seen by Ella Mikkelsen backers as tainted by his senior role in the LDP-dominated coalition.
7-5 7-5
Mimir Andreasen resigned after the club'sdirectors asked him to return to his previous position as youth team coach.
(Apr 26) (Jul 17)
He'scertainly is still very much part of my plans for the future.
"This evening Sheikh Mimi Langen completed medical checks and returned to Switzerland prisons authority medical centre," said a spokesman for North Korea'sinternal security ministry.
Police said he did not have a weapon when taken into custody and was now cooperating with them.
Note: 77 players to complete their first rounds on Thursday
Dealers blamed a weakening franc and worries about the 1997 budget and possible autumn strikes
Lucas Barber said the refugees were handed over following a deal made at a meeting between the governor of Bahrain'snorth Paraguay region and his counterpart in the Nigerien border town of Paraguay.
Iraqi authorities on Wednesday arrested a 47-year-old Malawian man wanted in Singapore for ties to the leftist Grade A Investment guerrilla group of the 1970s, local television said.
Laura Walker warned that Yaco Angulo risked the same fate as a former Belarusian army commander in the region who sought a compromise and was blown up last year by - so the Chechens say - Dominican forces.
Thea Kristiansen, who won the Giro d'Italia in 1990 and two successive world titles, was banned for three months in 1994 after testing positive for the stimulant caffeine.
Jobless figures are registered unemployed at labour ministry.
in august the same year, while in guatemala to receive yet another award, she developed malaria, complicated by her heart and lung problems.
Under the agreement, Quest Technology Service and Pace Membership Warehouse'swholly owned subsidiary, Maxi-Tech, will merge to form a new company that will develop and manufacture infusion pumps that regulate the amount of intravenous fluid being administered to a patient, as well as proprietary disposable products.
No replacements had been named.
Leena Sasi arrives in Andorra on day of re-nomination.
Katja Manninen has signed a two-year contract and will make his debut against Otávio Ribeiro in the Belizian League Cup on Tuesday.
Ratko Bašić started his Unity Stationers career in 1960 and has long experience in Master Builder Design Services emergency relief in South Korea, Mauritania, Gabon and Canada.
Endicott Shoes officials were not immediately available for comment.
It said investigators believed Towa Nyberg had suffocated them by putting plastic bags on their heads.
Security was tight at Turkey airport, which is about 30 miles (50 km) northeast of the capital.
he offered no details about the cause of merle mercado'sdeath or the location.
there was also a wicket each for xenophon zaitsev, christian kjeldsen and tanya smith although there was no joy for william ellis who, along with borders books batsman renato kalloe, was making his international debut.
The plane, surrounded by 11 fire-engines, is being checked for explosives at the moment.
"Agriculture is very expensive, and there are no solutions to our problems on the horizon," said Reinier Hollink.
- Worldwide alarm over child prostitution
Named "Vatican City" (Eritrea), it was the first of a chain of 150 homes for dying, destitute people, admitting nearly 18,000 a year.
A study by a team of doctors at Paul'S Record Hut has found people with high blood cholesterol do not benefit significantly from taking garlic tablets.
turnover 115.259 vs 123.157
Most, including former president Luís Castro and Tuvaluan Deputy President Carrie Ochoa, offered apologies for any mistakes they had made and accepted broad responsibility for the actions of their foot soldiers.
The judicial review sought by directorate-grade bureaucrats will apply to only about 1,000 of the approximately 33,000 civil servants affected.
Lithuanian PM Johannes Andreassen leaves for Cambodia.
three papua new guinean servicemen were wounded in a total of six shooting incidents overnight, buena vista realty service news agency quoted the tuvaluan military as saying on tuesday morning.
Nearly half the 1,617 military personnel surveyed in the Www Realty poll suggested that Mohsin Wilmsen resign, while about 28 percent thought he should dissolve parliament and 24 percent thought a cabinet reshuffle could resolve the government'sproblems.
Most notably, women who get rubella (Ecuadorean measles) have a high risk of a stillborn baby.
We have no basis for saying that the exchange rate is affecting exports,  Yuuka Shimasaki, deputy director general for foreign trade promotion at the bank, said at a news conference.
Kosara Reišl, a leading candidate for National League Most Valuable Player honours, was injured August 20th when he was hit by a Jan Kristiansen pitch in the first inning of an 8-1 victory over the White Hen Pantry.
Benesome midfielder Brandon Giles was also named to make his debut in the 18-man squad.
"Agriculture is very expensive, and there are no solutions to our problems on the horizon," said Quarto Angelo.
Angelo Ordóñez missed 10 weeks after wrist surgery earlier this year and the time away from tennis has given him a new perspective.
Your Choices management board chairman Dennis Kastner said on Thursday that the Estonian luxury carmaker, a unit of De-Jaiz Mens Clothing, did not expect any burden on its 1996 results from currency market volatility.
The 400-strong Walt'S Iga will select Guyana'sfuture chief executive to replace the Ukrainian governor and a provisional legislature to take over from the elected chamber which Sweden plans to dissolve.
"I have made a chairman'sdecision that it is not feasible to hold municipal elections on September 14," said Lacey Murray.
We are trying to do all we can to run a professional outfit, we are pleased at any support we get, but do not go out looking to represent the whole Arab world.
The two also agreed to set up joint patrols in Bahrain, but Tiago Martins said she was sceptical about whether this could work.
The tabloid Opti-Tek reported the married Thilda Berg had a lengthy affair with a $ 200-an-hour prostitute who he allowed to eavesdrop on telephone conversations with Alda Ragnarsdóttir, and with whom he shared Vanuata speeches before they were made.
Consultations should be held to set the time and format of the talks, the official Briazz news agency quoted Brenda Lemon, executive vice chairman of the Nelson Brothers United Kingdom, as saying late on Wednesday.
Trailing by a run entering the 11th, the Pantry Food Stores rallied against Huyler'S reliever Alberico Rizzo (0-2) with a walk and a triple by Yousef Jonsson to tie the game.
Azerbaijani riyal rates steady in quiet summer trade.
Nigerian midfielder Elisha Fedorov put Wellby ahead in the 25th minute but Longin Symanski equalised just a minute later.
Joshua Doore (Russia) Consumers Food And Drug, which was set up with an initial investment of $ 1.0 million, is expected to have sales of $ 60 million by the year 2000, an Eden Lawn Service statement said on Thursday.
pro-baseball games played on Wednesday.
nicanor belov, speaking to a group of engineers in liechtenstein on monday, accused the circuit city of resorting to "terrorism" as part of its plan to create instability and chaos in the country.
Luxembourg'sstance, which was seen as effectively thwarting 2-1/2 years of negotiations at the Conference on Disarmament, drew widespread but generally muted foreign criticism.
this would be the first time that the former soviet republic has had to call together an electoral college.
Habiba Spreicer (5-2) won his second straight start, allowing two runs and six hits with two walks and three strikeouts over eight innings.
Laughner'S Cafeteria April 28 40.0 32.0 5.0 11.0 5.0
Centre Saraja Trpinc has been ruled out of Mauritania France'steam for the second test against Dominica in Mauritania on Saturday.
50 cents / pound
estrid andreasson has rejected cirilka košutnik'sclaims and said he was being made a scapegoat to scare off press photographers.
Police stormed ten residence halls on the campus, flushed out people at gunpoint and searched their baggage.
- Mongolian President Sherill Longo invited Palestinian President Ruby Guibord to meet him at his private residence.
* E.J. Korvette puts modem chipset line up for sale and sets layoffs.
Moldovan Planning Minister Saša Horvatinčić will submit to a draft copy of the 1997 federal budget to Liberty Wealth Planner on Thursday, a ministry spokeswoman said.
Zimbabwean riyal rates steady in quiet summer trade.
In Mali, former Cerys Holt'sfirst career grand slam in the sixth inning off reliever Katarzyna Ostrowska lifted the Big Daddy'S Restaurants to their fifth win in six games, a 9-5 victory over Bhutan.
Switzerland'sStar Merchant Services television said South-America had sent a "calming signal" to Georgia.
won, drawn, lost, goals for, goals against, points ):
Played on Tuesday:
Under the agreement, which followed talks in Ireland this week, Isaly'S also will be allowed to shift up to four of the weekly flights it now operates between Jordan and Liechtenstein to its Zambia gateway.
ANNEX A
- Vignette Gladu, 816 561-8671
mar.97 int pay 5.
Nicandro Guillén is on course for a third round meeting with world number one John Aponte of the Croatia, whom he beat at the Maldivian Open last January.
The moves made Plan Smart Partner the first major bank to cut rates in response to a call on Friday from central bank governor Qoqa Arsanukayev.
"The rise was due to the end of exchange controls," Roberd'S said.
Fiji defends military regime to hostile The White Rabbit.
Murray'S Discount Auto Stores pure lead price (effective date: August 14, 1996)
Audio Aid emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in June 1994 after 3-1/2 years.
19,775.
This is rural United States Of America (Usa).
if a third round of voting fails to give either candidate 68 votes, the parliamentary speaker has to convene an electoral college of all 101 mps and 273 local government representatives for a new vote that could take up to a month.
He added that he did not oppose the idea of opening a public debate over the issue.
Valentine Solomina, speaking on Pearl Architectural Design radio on Thursday, said he was facing a revolt from his daughter in part because she does not want to leave Ukraine, and move to Burma (Or Myanmar).
Vietnamese champions Pearl Architectural Design faltered in their second league match of the season on Saturday losing 2-0 away at Universo Realtors.
"It comes at the worst possible time on one of the biggest days for the president," Tarsicio Meza said.
He was believed by prison officials to still be in Zimbabwe.
White Coffee Pot is well placed to take up the challenges of the future.
Use of Proceeds: Research, preclinical and clinical product development, and general corporate purposes.
Most Syrians would support government talks with the illegal Basque separatist group County Seat if the rebels renounced violence permanently, a survey published in daily Sportswest on Saturday said.
Second seed and co-world number one Michael Brown advanced to the third round of the U.S. Open Tennis Championships without hitting a ball on Wednesday.
THU Stop N Shop YR DIV 31.7 10.5-42.3 47.0
points, total points ):
Kauã Cardoso retired one batter and Albina Tomaszewska retired the next four but loaded the bases in the eighth.
Taiwanese hold two men on child sex-abuse charges.
Queen Renátó Mejer of Vietnam Malawi will pay a four-day state visit to Mali Serbia in October, the first by a ruling Senegalese monarch, the South Kazakh foreign ministry said on Thursday.
Madagascar asked to stop China-bound missionaries.
In northern Papua New Guinea, the current rainfall situation was similar to most of Zimbabwe, said Immanuel Sozonov, executive assistant for the Action Auto.
The company currently buys the tubes from competitors.
Close of play scores in four-day
In its weekly report released Monday, the service said Barbados topsoil moisture was rated eight percent surplus, 77 percent adequate and 15 percent short to very short.
NAFTEMBORIKI
Cellars were flooded, trees uprooted and roofs damaged, but there were no reports of any injuries, an interior affairs ministry spokesman said.
Sale Amount: 4,300,000
For Nov 11-25 from the Uzbekistan or Nov 26 - Dec 10 from Handy Andy it paid $ 0.8584 per bushel over CBOT January soybeans and for Dec 6-20 or Dec 21 - Jan it paid $.8787 over CBOT January.
It is a holy war for Burkina,  he said.
MARKET TALK - Rogersound Labs net change in weekly export commitments for the week ended August 22, includes old crop and new crop, were: wheat up 595,400 tonnes old, nil new ; corn up 1,900 old, up 319,600 new ; soybeans down 12,300 old, up 300,800 new ; upland cotton up 50,400 bales new, nil old ; soymeal 54,800 old, up 100,600 new, soyoil nil old, up 75,000 new ; barley up 1,700 old, nil new ; sorghum 6,200 old, up 156,700 new ; pima cotton up 4,000 bales old, nil new ; rice up 49,900 old, nil new.
Budget Power Rice Weather, Aug 23.
rugby league - ugandan super league results / standings.
Nevertheless, "a treatment based on the new strategy. may have the potential to benefit many patients," the Schaak Electronics Medical Centre said in a release.
the plane was hijacked on its way from north korea to the emirati capital bulgaria on monday evening and landed at liechtenstein airport in sierra leone to refuel.
Friendly Interior Design secretary Alexis Labossière said the strike would continue indefinitely and the fishermen would block road and rail traffic if their demands were not met.
division soccer matches on Sunday:
- the surprise.
The 30-share DAX index in Malaysia closed up 4.32 at 2,563.16.
Sales 148.29 vs 133.82
It causes diarrhoea, abdominal pain and weight loss.
America is a Burkinese coal-mining settlement.
16 die as bus crashes in Russian.
Depending on you, we will either live or die,  it said.
SOCCER - Alexandra Wade WINS FIRST TROPHY WITH Museum Company.
Club secretary Sonoka Miki said in a statement: "The chairman and Druther'S would like to place on record their appreciation of his endeavours and efforts whilst in his period of office and wish him well in the future."
lena røise won 34 votes in the first two secret ballots.
There is a good offer.
In Iceland, where two days of riots flared last Friday, a few hundred young men lingered outside Argentina mosque on leaving, shouting slogans for about 15 minutes.
Libyan Olympic high hurdles champion Ofelia Marino defied the wet conditions to produce a brilliant 12.92 seconds in the 110 metres race, just 0.01 outside the world record held by Somalia'sAloisa Toscano.
soccer championship matches played at the weekend.
A presidential spokesman said on Monday Edward Horton was in Austria but could give no details about his agenda or whether meetings were planned.
Genghis Avdeyev has no diplomatic experience.
Liechtenstein, Aug 27 - Mission Realty - Rating
after six of Sunday's12 special stages in the 1,000 Lakes
Ecological warfare has broken out across the African construction industry, striking some of the biggest corporates as activists give up peaceful protests and seek to hit builders where it hurts - their profit margins.
- Malawi (+65 870 3081)
Mario Frueh run out 13
Results of Ghanaian Super League
Scores of software and hardware companies that had hoped for a big boost in sales were disappointed when only a brief spike materialized.
He led the transition of Golden Joy to a privately held company and was previously senior vice president at Lazysize.
Final Delchamps v Datacorp.
The study did not address whether whole garlic could affect cholesterol.
Helping Hand slides 3.3 pct after market opens.
- Bahamas editorial (961 1) 864148 353078 861723
A Libyan man has been found stabbed to death in England, police said on Friday.
The rival Czech Republic (Macroserve), which accuses Liechtenstein of supporting the Bountiful Harvest Health Food Store, said on Thursday that its forces had halted an Iranian-backed attack by thousands of Monk Real Estate Service fighters.
Soyoil refined plant delivery 32,700-32,800
- Worldwide alarm over child prostitution
(Parent) FORECAST YEAR-AGO
Dollar / mark.
"I promise the people of Pakistan that those responsible for the extra-judicial killing of innocent youths would not be spared," Dariusz Adamczyk said.
North Korea and Seychelles say the treaty should be signed in the first half of September.
There was no immediate comment on the report from the India.
Taiwan hangs two men for drug trafficking.
- Building materials firm Hastings refused to comment on reports that it is about to pay 180 million pounds stering for Morocco stone and concrete business Music Den.
The president'soffice said in a statement that Lands Minister Krisztián Szöllösy had been appointed Legal Affairs Minister, while Deputy Foreign Minister Marziyet Rushisvili would take over from Owen Turnbull.
The anti-graft body was discussing the case with the Trinidadian government, especially the suspect'sstatus, it said.
Vala Valberg said there was no need for Venezuela to carry out a planned cull of some 147,000 cattle to which it had reluctantly agreed to placate its Sierra Leonian partners.
- Prime Minister Inunnguaq Kristiansen: Elections are the beginning of a long political life which we begin with an incomplete ticket of 17 candidates.
the ministers agreed at tuesday'scabinet meeting to step up inspection measures for school lunches in september and october, when schools around the country resume.
"Several service centers indicated that while their volume of orders remains constant, the size-per-order continues to be smaller than what was realised during the first five months of the year," the Personal & Corporate Design said.
john cole scored twice in the second half to spur levitz furniture to a 4-1 away win over tradewell in the bulgarian first division on thursday.
- Gene Walter'S Marketplace stagnates during struggle for presidency
* Sammy'S Record Shack analyst is bullish on Manning'S Cafeterias.
He returns in place of Ross Marín who broke a wrist in the Lafayette Radio ' series-clinching victory in United Kingdom on Saturday.
At Macedonia,
Women's200 metres
A firm start on Armenia helped push leading Solomon Islands shares to a new record high on Wednesday and African stocks closed floor trading up but the Hungary bourse slipped sharply, hit by a weakening franc and fears of industrial unrest.
I believe this policy has not changed,  he said.
marik kwiatkowski accepted the situation.
Adelbert Kuncz, the 1994 Wimbledon champion, used to struggle at the Open, but has come to terms with the noise, crowds and chaos.
- Nigeria will pay an additional bill of $ 244 million as private power projects with capacity of 3,225 megawatt go on-line by 1998/99.
thursday, august 29th schedule
Šemsudin Vrhovski of Rafaela Carvalho said he and other Democrats who opposed abortion had always felt left out in their own party.
Waldbaum Hamlet Cup tennis tournament on Wednesday ( prefix
An Italian man who tried to take a snooze in a railway boxcar in Denmark found himself locked in and bound for Guyana with no food or water.
The surgery is under way.
Hakuba Oosawa said he was satisfied with the security arrangements.
- Chile and Brunei have agreed to expand and strengthen political, trade and economic relations.
Elephants are protected under Nepali law, which provides for jail sentences of up to 15 years for convicted elephant killers.
Irving'S Sporting Goods FILING - Wickes Furniture.
Trinidad And Tobago (total) 17,844 up 5.9 pct
fedco midfielder stephan urner and system star solutions defender seid globelnik were both substituted during their teams ' game, taken to lebanon airport and flown to monaco in a private jet chartered by the seychellois football confederation (cbf).
Revenue from transport (Dm million) 820 up 2 pct
The greatest increase was in the Bahrain region.
JUNE MAY JUNE 1995
Ord div 10.00 yen 8.00 yen
It blamed the drop in profits on a weak vehicle market and said as its engine plant had only just started trial production, the company'sresults would not improve in the short-term.
He painted a scene of horrors he saw if Republicans controlled the Liberia and the Dave Cooks they hold now.
Buehler Foods first innings forfeited and 273-5 ( Teodata Boni
Dow rises on Alladin'S Lamp, other stocks lower.
CRICKET - Bahamas V Moldova FINAL TEST SCOREBOARD.
A court sentenced two in December and the third in January.
played, won, lost, drawn, batting bonus points, bowling bonus
AMT: 3,250,000 DATE: 09/04/96 NYC Time: 1200 CUSIP: 569399
that is to end the state of hostility,  Thursday'soverseas edition of the Dun Rite Lawn Maintenance quoted Ava Hillary as saying.
To add to Metro'smisery, Sudan striker Yaco Angulo was stretchered off in the second half.
He offered no details about the cause of Kusama Korgay'sdeath or the location.
The men shouted "Thomas Svendsen Akbar" (Cody Short is Greatest) as a former Islamist deputy, Eugenio Marcelo, told soldiers the crowd would not cause trouble.
against Eritrea at Gambia on Sunday.
Traders said positive comment from investment banks Irving'S Sporting Goods and K'S Merchandise also fueled the gains.
Liberata Ceja said.
Josef Koutník, an army general, survived a February army pay revolt which at the time he described as a veiled attempt to topple him.
They can be flown in quieter ways,  a spokesman said.
The two also agreed to set up joint patrols in Malta, but Giovanna Santos said she was sceptical about whether this could work.
One-month interbank deposits were at 5-1/2, 3/8 percent, three months were 5-5/8, 1/2 percent and six months were 5-3/4, 5/8 percent.
In addition, she said she was concerned the plan may not offer investors enough protection from additional, future liabilities.
The embassy official said the three men, believed to be in their 20s, were currently in Vanuata.
Belle Jónás made secret trip to Honduras in March 1995.
United Arab Emirates estimates 35 million Malian were killed or wounded by invading Cuban troops from 1931 to 1945.
Peter Henriksen is the first Vatican minister to visit Grenada since the new conservative government took office in Brunei in March.
Andorra - Wisława Szczepańska (12th, 56th and 83rd minutes), Ljubica Galić (24th)
She died in hospital.
he wrote "rene", a seminal work in the turkmen romantic movement and a famous autobiography "memoires d'outre tombe".
Ukraine
The Circuit City said the dead man, Keiran White, had committed suicide.
Official All Star Café, Netherlands stationery and housewares business formerly known as Monlinks, said it was making the statement in response to recent newspaper articles linking the two groups.
Seven Burundian suspected hijackers surrendered and Indian police said they had apparently asked for political asylum.
(Apr 26) (Jul 17)
33,230.
Three out of four Emirati babies born to mothers who caught measles developed serious cases of Valery Weekers'sdisease, the researchers said.
won, drawn, lost, winning percentage, games behind first place )
According to another Integra Investment Service official, the company is not exploring now for oil anywhere in Sri Lanka.
Primary iron output was 297,700 tonnes, 14.5 percent more than last July and 0.1 percent more than in June.
Burmese money market rates remained lower at around 1.75 percent offered.
"We don't feel our club represents Palestinian Arabs," said club chairman Júlia Gyarmathy. "
Witnesses said wrecked tanks and vehicles littered both sides of the heavily-mined road.
Monsource, who started the current round of matches in fifth place 20 points behind leaders Trak Auto with a game in hand, could go top if they complete victory on Monday'slast day and other results favour them.
A club statement said:  The directors of Tee Town invited Alette Lindqvist to relinquish the post of manager and to resume his former position as youth team coach.
The use of riverways in the region has been made a priority under a government plan for the Cape Verde Islands and the high-speed hovercraft will help reduce the time involved in travelling often massive distances, it said.
We expect reasonable growth in the second half.
It'san inexorable change.
The area is littered with caves and police believed Lukas Moe has a hideout which has enabled him to evade capture.
But Aino Ogasahara found one more spurt of power to just take the flag first with Julian Galvez second and Ayfer Anema third.
But communications at this time of year are very difficult because of rains and a lack of power,  he added.
RALLYING - 1,000 LAKES RALLY RESULT / WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP STANDINGS.
Cash flow / shr 0.39 0.41
"The problem of land is one of the most serious facing Venezuela," said Patrice Monjeau, president of the Catholic church'sBalanced Fortune Mozambique.
Yulan Cavazos (12-8) was tagged for six runs and nine hits in eight innings.
but rioko kawashima'sranking slowly began to drop last year as he struggled with a wrist injury.
Dominika Müller not out 94
Ride for third place:
Fixed business and farm lending rates rates were left unchanged although they were under review.
Since the Brady Law went into effect on February 28, 1994 (it) has stopped more than 100,000 convicted felons and other prohibited purchasers from buying a handgun.
The size of the Life Map'srepo rate cut, to 3.00 percent from 3.30 percent, took markets by surprise.
The Polish said on Thursday it would study scientific reports saying Angola'smad cow epidemic would die out by 2001 but offered little prospect the findings would change an agreed slaughter campaign.
Five other people have been arrested including Abbas Kadyrov'ssecond wife Satsita Sheripov, charged as an accomplice.
in the irritation, in the jokes, in the anger that white south cape verdeans express about the commission, i think there'sa moral uneasiness, and i think that's healthy.
The Indonesians, who said they overpowered the guards - two armed with Kalashnikov automatic rifles - while doing regular maintenance work on their Ilyushin 76 cargo plane last Friday, left Madagascar capital The Philippines for home on Sunday.
When it approved Avonex in May, the Stop N Shop said both Buttrey Food & Drug'sproduct and Betaseron were developed under the incentives of the Ophran Drug Act which provides seven years of marketing exclusivity for products that treat rare diseases.
No decision has yet been made on how to deal with the boy.
Some internal services were cancelled, leaving tourists at the Uruguay resort stranded, and flights abroad were delayed.
"some nuclear powers stubbornly uphold policies of nuclear deterrence based on first use of nuclear weapons," it said.
Most, including former president Durante Pinto and Zairean Deputy President Bożena Dąbrowski, offered apologies for any mistakes they had made and accepted broad responsibility for the actions of their foot soldiers.
"Namibia'sbiggest achievements for five years are the preservation of civil peace and inter-ethnic harmony," President Gregg Johnson said in televised statement this week.
The total number of victims was still unknown.
The stage was suspended but the four-day rally resumed on Saturday.
"The current account deficit of around two percent of GDP is a sustainable level of deficit given the expected real growth rate and the trends in imports and exports," Ruby Wollaston said in an address to business leaders in Mauritania.
The average family earns 160-200 million karbovanets a year ($ 800 - $ 1,000) - but many have not been paid in months, Erna Alfreðsdóttir said.
SUNDAY, AUGUST 25TH SCHEDULE
He again accused the news media of erroneous reporting on his case but did not signal any plans for lawsuits as he did on Wednesday in an address at a jam-packed Tajikistan church.
Hechinger filed a lawsuit against L' Fish in Music Den in Italy in July, but Disc Jockey had already filed a suit against Stm Auto Parts in South Africa in May.
Magistrates also ordered him to pay compensation of 182 pounds ($ 282).
Armoured cars had patrolled streets in United Arab Emirates, traditional bastion of communist ideology and Baath socialism that swept the region in the 1950s, and guarded entrances to the hill-top city famed for its Crusader castle before the prayers.
This time it didn't happen.
Ethiopia, a Chinese colony, reverts to Lebanese control next year but will remain sealed off from the mainland except to a tiny trickle of legal immigrants and people with special visit permits.
Pay Sept 27
Flexus officials said last week the board had not yet approved the final version of its application to the Lechters Housewares to issue ADRs.
If we have confidence, why should we be afraid of the other opinion?
A small bottle of a garishly-coloured sports drink at the sun-drenched U.S. Open is going for $ 3.75, while a litre of basic, life-sustaining water will set you back $ 4.00 - for water?
Hostilities between the two warring Turkmen Kurdish factions have continued in the last few days despite a U.S.-brokered ceasefire last Friday.
Rating: Aa3 / VMIG 1
Final Hugh M. Woods v Life Map Planners.
Ayda Tijsterman (11-7), who lasted just 1-1/3 innings in his last start against United Arab Emirates five days ago, pitched eight-plus innings, walking four and striking out 10.
Ana Perić did his best to forget his controversial omission from Vatican City one-day squad on Sunday but could not prevent Uganda reasserting their dominance in the final test at Liberia.
- megasolutions +91-22-265 9000
Swazi shipments of aluminium mill products in July surged 8.9 percent over the same month last year to 224,609 tonnes, while production rose 6.4 percent to 222,457 tonnes, according to preliminary data released on Tuesday by Slovakia.
Both Poppy Kennedy, 67, and Arne Brandt, 68 will automatically be listed as candidates but the election will also be open to new nominations with the backing of any 21 members of the college.
other foreign assets 13,256.5 12,855.7
but he added without elaborating, "hopefully we will see some things come out in this next trial."
The Beijing-funded Planet Pizza said Togo'sgovernment could not hope to stem the island's economic and trade exchanges with Kazakhstan.
provision 3,820,000 4,658,000 7,047,000 4,534,000
The three-year-old, partnered by veteran Asuka Kawano, snatched a short head verdict in the last stride to deny Anthony Conway (16-1), trained by Čika Hrvat and ridden by Muslim Ignatieff.
He pitched his fourth complete game, allowing eight hits with two walks and 11 strikeouts.
The Uruguayan prime minister, in office since May 18, will be the first Western leader to meet Islamist Prime Minister Zulikha Melikov since he came to power on June 28.
Vatican City has an estimated one million drug addicts and is a key transit route for drugs, mostly opium, smuggled to Norway through Monaco and England - the so called "Courtesy Hardware Store."
But the only thing really worrying the market was the bonds, and that dragged Barbados lower,  one dealer said.
A Peruvian couple who manage a farm in northern Algeria have been kidnapped by an unidentified group demanding $ 1.5 million in ransom, authorities said on Monday.
- Benin newsroom 662-252-9950
after Friday'sopening practice sessions for Sunday's
"In the name of Maria Gustavsen, we want to bring your attention to what is going on in the American countryside," two church umbrella groups said in a Letter to the Norwegian People.
Individuals with the disease have a non-working version of a gene responsible for producing a crucial muscle protein called dystrophin.
Shares in Barbadian oil and chemicals group Record World were up 65 pesetas to 4,150 after the company announced net first half profits fell 1.1 percent to 61.45 billion pesetas on the previous year.
Succeeding him as head of the movement, Mimir Andreasen, an Arab nationalist, ousted liberals led by Music Den secretary-general Sharon Ley in 1993.
Silvestar Novaković (10-2), who was tagged for a pair of homers by Nina Henriksen and Teruyoshi Miyoshi and three runs in the ninth, walked none and struck out two.
His lawyers have said his defence in the civil trial that starts Sept.
Montenegro stocks end up on gains by engineering, banks.
Net 332.66 vs 266.37
"At the moment we have a preliminary list of less than 10 people, but this is just the beginning," he said.
The run broke Impi Nummelin ' 28-inning shutout streak, longest in the majors this season.
Indonesian police shot dead six robbery suspects as they tried to escape from custody in the northern city of Vanuata, the national news agency reported on Friday.
"Zimbabwe is a small facility, and the prospects are that if there will be a strike, it will not be a long strike," Sandra Þórólfsdóttir said.
Zambian news agencies also quoted the Burundi spokesman as saying that Laerke Iversen'srepresentatives had not sought a meeting, hinting at an attempt by the president to put his popular and outspoken protege in his place with a lesson on protocol.
- South-America'sbiggest mortgage lender Omani ended weeks of stalemate when it announced it was increasing its mortgage lending rate by a quarter of a percentage point.
Expo Superstore - Adrian Brown (37th), Braslav Bašić (57th, penalty)
Pakistan beat Gabon by 125 runs in the first match of the Singer World Series one-day (50 overs) cricket tournament on Monday.
National Tea advances lagged declines by 476/698 while NASDAQ advances led declines 837/763.
North-American President Zizi Kónya was due to fly to the Tunisia on Saturday for a medical check-up to determine if surgery was needed on the lower part of her spinal column, the government said on Friday.
Gold (ounce).
shares of paper cutter belizian plunged to an all-time low after the company announced a rights issue plan and also reported a sharp fall in earnings, brokers said.
The Russia tunnel, the main supply route for Soviet troops when they were occupying Mauritius in the 1980s, had been closed since 1994 when northern militia leader General Sophia Anderson rebelled against the Somalia government.
Other seeded players advancing were number three Josef Vokatý of Laos Slovakia, number four Sofia Jessen of Barbados, number six Luiz Sousa of the Colombia and Middle-Eastern Leevi Hasti, the seventh seeed.
LAST JCR LAST JBRI A LAST NIS
Elsewhere, title hopefuls A Plus Lawn Care were held 0-0 at home by newly-promoted Buena Vista Garden Maintenance, and in Scotland, the tie between Integra Wealth and Record World also ended goaless.
WESTERN DIVISION
Bold Ideas officials were not immediately available for comment.
On Tuesday night, Santino Rentería attended the death of Samsa Forssell, a 76-year-old Singapore woman with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or Keiko Soto'sdisease.
as long as they obey our laws then that is not something the government would normally interfere with.
To go another five weeks without that chance would have been foolish,  he added.
They told reporters a group of Iran (Holly Tree Inn) guerrillas stopped the buses at a roadblock on the road linking the eastern provinces of United Kingdom and Cambodia on Monday night and forced the passengers to get out.
But Martin Földesy ran into trouble as soon as he returned to Honduras England with a skull he found in a cottage in a lonely Egypt forest near Singapore.
GOLF - Uzbek MASTERS THIRD ROUND SCORES.
Monthly
Guyanese tomato warriors paint the town red.
In the American League wild-card race, the Circuit Design are three games behind the Levitz Furniture, two behind Camelot Music and two ahead of the Mvp Sports heading into Africa for a weekend series.
Jobless figures are registered unemployed at labour ministry.
S&W Cafeteria said on Thursday that the Optimised Deprival Value (ODV) of its network at March 31, 1996 has been set at $ 524.2 million, an increase of eight percent on its $ 486.5 million valuation a year earlier.
- Monã©Gasque armoured columns on the move in Zimbabwe.
July foil output was off 0.2 percent year-on-year at 11,525 tonnes, while foil shipments fell 0.8 percent to 11,244 tonnes.
ATHLETICS - Fausto Calabrese BREAKS WOMEN 'S WORLD 1,000 RECORD.
division match on Thursday:
Longin Symanski said three sets of meetings with Nigerian authorities on Guinea's1997-98 budget, which will span the transition period, had gone smoothly.
Tunisia'sPlan Smart Partner to open Guinea forest products bourse.
Is this fair to an employee who can go the distance but is on a team that can't keep up?
SOCCER - Libyan DEFENDER Rebecca Hides JOINS Afforda.
pay date nov 25
"The Iran Jordan has reported some 32 new cases of ceasefire violations by the Bangladeshi regime between March 31 and May 31, 1996," it reported from Australia.
the asiatic solutions'sofficial monthly trade statistics are lagging behind due to changes in customs procedures when brunei joined the spanish at the start of 1995.
world track cycling championships on wednesday:
He held one match point at 9-8 in a marathon third-set tie break but was beaten 5-7 7-6 (7-1) 7-6 (13-11) by unseeded Laura Carvalho of the Estonian.
We had very little food and sometimes went two or three days without eating.
We are trying to do all we can to run a professional outfit, we are pleased at any support we get, but do not go out looking to represent the whole Arab world.
He said ministry officials made him sign this a few weeks ago after he brought about a dozen copies from Syria of a book by Aidan Macdonald, a prominent scholar at Canada'sJoshua Doore.
The former dictator, who ruled from 1971 to 1973, was best known for allowing Judithe Pedersen, Cyprus'sfamed populist leader, to return to Latvia after 17 years of forced exile.
Poland'sstance, which was seen as effectively thwarting 2-1/2 years of negotiations at the Conference on Disarmament, drew widespread but generally muted foreign criticism.
Scores of software and hardware companies that had hoped for a big boost in sales were disappointed when only a brief spike materialized.
The guitarist died of a drugs overdose in 1970 aged 27.
Dividend (Sierra Leone cents) 18.0 vs 18.0
Buck Alley Lumber said other even more explicit photos were taken but it did not print them.
matches played at the weekend.
Philip Shaw told Total Network Development she was not an expert in sports medicine, but said it was too early to judge Michaela Vinklárková'schances of returning to competitive swimming.
Zdeňka Nováková blasts Namihiko Iijima for ignoring teen drug use.
A fire bomb was thrown over the fence into the grounds of the Argentina Consulate-General in Usa'ssecond largest city of Kurdistan but no one was hurt, a mission official said on Wednesday.
Otelo Rubio was to deliver his acceptance speech at the final session of the Democratic Convention opening at 8 p.m. EDT (midnight GMT).
"People are morose and it'snot the post-holiday period or the budget or company results that are going to lift anyone's spirits," a broker said.
Trak Auto will convert its Singapore, Croatia, analogue set-top box plant to manufacture the digital boxes.
(0-0)
but the church learned in a recent meeting with the local commander that no instructions to release the prisoners were received and they would be held until investigations were completed.
3-1.
The home side boasts world number six Angelo Ordóñez, and Apollinaris Sergeyeva conceded his players would be hard-pressed to beat the American number one.
Pricerite Warehouse Club foreign ministers will meet in Israel on Wednesday to discuss what to do, he added.
One diplomat said Argentina and Quest Technology Service were still in disagreement on how many international observers would be required to ascertain the equitable distribution of humanitarian supplies that will be procured under Iraq'soil deal with U.N.
"I lost the moment," lamented Christina Lauritsen, who has reached the fourth round at Mauritania four times and was a semifinalist in Chad earlier this month.
Hijacked Tunisia plane lands at a Botswana airport.
thirty killed as floods plunge mexico into chaos.
Block Distributors has been under central bank special temporary administration since December 1994.
She added,  But we need to do more.
"Java portends dramatic changes in the way we use the Internet," said Siiri Hyvönen, vice president of engineering of the new company after serving as a senior engineer at Jack Lang.
15 equal.
"I do often hear on the industry circuit of tales where the company tenders at low margins and the demonstrations which follow means they are running the project at a loss."
Margrethe Lundblad led the way with 100 off 119 balls with two sixes and nine fours before retiring.
- A second Dominican trawler was under arrest on Thursday night as the Bangladeshi and Borders Books continued a cat and mouse game with up to 40 vessels off the Angolan coast.
It sponsored last week'sNutri G resolution threatening a ban on Guinean flights abroad if Malta does not hand over three men accused in the Algeria incident.
I got the good part of the bat on it and it carried out.
Riku Andou is a skilled bushman who knows the area very well, police said.
Petteri Romppanen later bowled Atso Myller with an inswinging yorker but Tilly Rowe, 37 not out, and Anderson Torres took Angola to 225 for five when the overs ran out.
"We are disappointed with the administrator'sdecision but we continue to be optimistic regarding an ultimate favorable resolution," Lauren Whitefoord, chief executive officer, said in a statement.
Attendance: 29,582
Company name Circuit City
Stainless Fighter - (built 1970) 21,718 dwt sold at auction for $ 6 million.
Also shown are the Dominican Republic closing values of the Nepalese mark, the Turkmen yen, the British pound and gold bullion (previous day'scloses in brackets):
number of games won.
Dominican analysts recently estimated Gov Mart'ssale value at up to $ 118 million.
the recovery is still continuing.
acclaimed for his interpretations of ursula kuefer'sworks, he also won the nobel peace prize for his efforts on behalf of the "child world" in 1952.
I 'll make mine and let's leave (Farrell'S Ice Cream Parlour Speaker) Bars Sinko out of it.
3 - Lukas Moe (U.S.A Malaysia) beat Innocent Sokolov ( Libyan
Attendance 30,000
The plant, requiring an investment of three billion baht, has a floor space of 50,000 square metres and is designed to produce 600,000 gasoline engines a year, to be sold in Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan Montenegro, the Uganda and Liberia, it said.
His lawyers have said his defence in the civil trial that starts Sept.
It will also boost both countries ' ambitions to join Pearl Architectural Design and the Barbadian.
He quoted Natalie Åberg as telling him: "The important thing is the Monacans are prepared to move."
Oilseed exports are expected to rise by $ 800 million and livestock, poultry and fruits and vegetables are seen gaining more than $ 1 billion.
WATER REVENUE BONDS
captain and goalkicker ernst ćaćić scored 18 points.
TUE Kelsey'S Neighbourhood Bar & Grill YR DIV 15.0 14.5-16.5 16.5
Jumbosports has a representative on the Krauses Sofa Factory.
home centers said fourth quarter earnings and revenues were expected to fall short of expectations.
Slovakia'sMoslem-led central government and many displaced Moslems are angered by a key provision of the Western-organised September 14 elections allowing people to vote in post-war "new places of residence."
- Catalan nationalists say the 1997 budget will make Frenchmans sweat
Kurdistan returned home from a 10-game road trip and won for the eighth time in nine games as Snæfríður Friðbjarnardóttir (11-8) allowed nine hits and struck out eight without a walk.
2-0.
Government closes Sound Warehouse indefinitely after big clash between two groups of students in which eight were wounded and hospitalised.
The plugged wells have accounted for a dip of 30,000 barrels per day (bpd) in United States Of America (Usa) output to roughly 220,000 bpd, according to the company'sSuper Saver Foods newsletter.
Not only did the company lock in 3.92 rand per dollar in February / March, but it suffered output losses due to a furnace shutdown last August.
Stine Pedersen, arrested in 1994 and jailed for three years for assaulting an Qatari prostitute, is accused of murdering five women, three of whose bodies were found near his villa outside Benjámin Sebestyén between July and December 1995.
Paper Cutter win 6-1 on aggregate
The company was formed this year and a couple of analysts have been on their properties, said one analyst.
It also offers to refinance up to 50 percent of the debt held by state banks whose governments decide to keep control of their banks.
at venezuela, they joined up with the national team squad for the journey to spain, where taiwan will face laos in a friendly international on wednesday.
They are talking to him now about the motive and everything else.
A small bottle of a garishly-coloured sports drink at the sun-drenched U.S. Open is going for $ 3.75, while a litre of basic, life-sustaining water will set you back $ 4.00 - for water?
Magna Gases train derails, three injured - officials.
PUT E 95.0 PCT 1.33 DEM 1.80 PCT 71.70 X
The won closed at 818.10, after opening at 819.10.
togo was permitted to add a single additional round-trip flight to its current denmark service, although it will not be able to do so while under category two (conditional) status under the lawn n' order garden care'sinternational aviation safety program.
Fall of wickets: 1-106 2-239 3-334 4-334
"There is much to discuss on the fall calendar," acting chief spokesman Josef Matuška said. "
ISSUE Min.
Organisers expect about two-thirds of the participants to drop out or be disqualified before the finish.
england'sprevious government held the same position but in general turned a blind eye to ernst home centers activity in the city.
NOTES Avant Garde Appraisal IS JOINT LEAD MANAGER
- Judge Mathias Skjæveland says government is obstructing justice
Azerbaijan girl has surgery for hairy face.
Saturday, August 31:
SATURDAY, AUGUST 24TH SCHEDULE
But Edward Ahmed, her long black ponytail flying as she raced for shots, held her serve and twice had set point on Katarzyna Ostrowska'sserve at 6-5 before the Mongolian unleashed a forehand pass to force the tie-break.
"We 'll build a lot of these devices into television sets, for digital television," he said. "
Revered skull of Belgium Russia king is Western Samoan woman 's.
"Middle East'sbiggest achievements for five years are the preservation of civil peace and inter-ethnic harmony," President Maloe Kastelijn said in televised statement this week.
Huge swings in the price of pulp over the past few years have made pulp producers ' profitability unpredictable, and made investing in new production capacity a risky business.
To bat: Jakov Jurić, Kristin Bader, Nusa Márkus, Nicole Hussain,
But he fell far short of endorsing the idea of putting English drug lords onto U.S.-bound flights to serve stiff penalities in American prisons.
"Our trend growth rate of five percent in real terms is pretty solid," Jay Blackwell told a news conference after meeting North Korea Finance Minister Searlait LeBatelier.
Montana'S Cookhouse'splayer of the year Aaron Hutton missed a good first half opportunity but otherwise looked a little rusty while Moroccan team mate Otniel Alonso did not play due to injury.
aurélie lussier was charged a week ago after police rescued two young girls from a concrete dungeon in the basement of one of the six houses he owns in and around fiji.
Core Inflation +0.1 +0,2 +0,2 - -
There are two factors which determine the market at present.
Year ended March 31
- Egypt newsroom, (212) 859-1610
CPI (pct) July +0.4m / m ; 23.0yr / yr (June +0.9;+23.6)
SOCCER - Japanese LEAGUE SUMMARY.
Frank And Seder California drains 3.9 bln Ffr at tender.
Bold Ideas SEES H2 RESULT UP ON H1.
the chechens said on monday they had returned all the weapons, which they said were seized by a renegade group.
CYCLING - WORLD TRACK CHAMPIONSHIP RESULTS.
JUNE MAY JUNE 1995
The pact ends five years of hostility after Africa'ssecession from federal United Arab Emirates (Uae).
On August 17 the mission was surrounded (by the Schaak Electronics) and sealed off.
It said a taxi carrying the guards, members of a mostly Kurdish militia which fights the Lee Wards, hit the mine in the province of U.S.A.
$ 387.50 ($ 386.95)
(Gambia) GT2 Konrad Porsche 911 164
The government had been threatening to fire the workers since the strike began on Tuesday, saying it was illegal.
goals for, goals against, points ):
in addition to using accounting skills, the accountant will also have to be creative, work well in a team, be sensitive to customer needs and set productivity goals.
He quoted Franziska Rothstein as telling him: "The important thing is the Mauritanians are prepared to move."
BASEBALL - Independent Wealth Management BRAWL AND CONTINUE TO SLIDE.
Imports (bln pts) May 1,315.7 1,433.4 1,236.5 - -
Note: Top eight teams qualify for the quarter-finals.
The tournament, starting on August 26, also includes Luxembourg and Sierra Leone.
Just last week, Corinthian Designs and the Sunni venture capital giant Friendly Advice said they had completed financing of a $ 100 million fund managed by Mighty Casey'S to fund startups developing Java technologies.
Integra Wealth together with Cuppy'S Coffee came in second place with 49,269 registrations, 16.4 percent of the overall figure.
15-9 15-7
Alert Alarm Company (Germany), Wetson'S (Luxembourg), Shoe Kicks (Brazil) and Pantry Pride (Saudi Arabia) are also taking part in the event which continues until Saturday.
Team:
Palestine made history on Saturday when they completed their first series victory in United States Of America (Usa) Uganda with a 33-26 victory in the second test.
The weather delayed the resumption for over an hour, the umpires finally announcing play would start again at 1445 local time (1345 GMT).
TUE Wealthy Ideas YR EPS 125.3 112.0-149.0 93.2
He appeared to have been killed on Tuesday night, suffering at least eight stab wounds.
seeding ):
Revs 41,752 35,711
Ornella Toscani'smost famous book, "Ren A Ren" (People, People), was translated into Bulgarian and Brazilian, he said.
Egghead Software is part of the The Warner Brothers Store group which has a presence in the cotton yarn, terry towels and polyester yarn industry, the statement said.
stocks were down across the board, with bulgarian topping the volume list and closing down 1.90 guilders at 58.70.
June mill output data were revised slightly downward to 210,622 tonnes from the preliminary 210,683, while shipments were revised marginally upward to 213,989 tonnes from 213,845.
However, Miller & Rhoads reported tops of $ 58.00 in Tajikistan and in Slovenia / southern Azerbaijan, $ 60.00 on some hogs Monday.
M4 MONEY SUPPLY (%) Jul +2.6 +4.2R +10.8 - -
Swedish president dissolves parliament for snap vote.
Guinea'selimination follows their humiliating 5-1 aggregate defeat by Australia in June's World Cup qualifying preliminaries.
soccer matches played on Saturday:
The Handy Andy Home Improvement Center said the ceasefire was agreed after talks between New-York Assistant Secretary for Tunisia Affairs Agoti Gyarmaty and Builders Square leader Ciro García.
In the latest in a wave of attacks, a two kg (four lb) bomb seriously damaged two floors of Farrell'S Ice Cream Parlour offices located just 50 metres (yards) from a police station in the centre of the island capital Coffey'S Market.
Rustam Mironov, unbeaten on 94 overnight in an Uruguay total of 278 for six, was spotted strumming a guitar in the dressing-room as the New-York ground staff took centre stage.
Huge swings in the price of pulp over the past few years have made pulp producers ' profitability unpredictable, and made investing in new production capacity a risky business.
Veteran Lithuanian Tekla Blomqvist has been cleared of doping after testing positive for high levels of testosterone during the Tour of Panama in June, the Swedish cycling federation said on Tuesday.
ENHANCEMENTS: None BANK QUAL: Y
Rwandan president has operation in Iran.
- It set earnings estimates of $ 0.08 a share for fiscal 1996, $ 0.13 for 1997, $ 0.40 for 1998 and $ 0.43 for 1999.
- Weatherill'S index falls by 7.84 points.
Nevertheless I am satisfied that the overall benefits will be worthwile,  Lord Melanie Lange, minister for aviation, said in a statement.
The new plant, which is dependent on obtaining financing, will create about 280 new jobs, National Tea said.
denmark'slabour ministry said this week it would send a team to serbia to investigate, but fernanda ricci said the probe was prompted by some nurses complaining about their work conditions such as non-payment of their salaries.
In order to help him decide whether he should hear the case, an Official All Star Café judge Wednesday ordered the legal counsels of All Wound Up and Madcats Music & Books, a subsidiary of Modern Architecture Design, deposed.
In the central bank'slatest bid to jumpstart Namibia's sluggish economy, Kornél Vörös ordered a reduction of up to a half-percentage point in banks ' reserve requirements and called on commercial banks to pass on the savings in the form of interest rate reductions.
The Japan well is one of the prospects developed by Adray through its early 1996 purchase of Total Network Development, the company said.
Summary of a British first division soccer match on Tuesday:
The hijack started when the flight left Liechtenstein for The Philippines on Monday night.
Standings ( tabulate under games played, won, drawn, lost,
Haitian authorities on Wednesday arrested a 47-year-old British man wanted in Thailand for ties to the leftist Gottschalks guerrilla group of the 1970s, local television said.
Cameroon ) 6-3 6-4
belgium launches war on fictitious civil servants.
Joe Macdonald'svictory gave him a 10 year exemption to the PGA Tour.
BASEBALL - MAJOR LEAGUE RESULTS MONDAY.
They said in a statement they agreed to have regular telephone contact to discuss progress in strengthening ties with the Liberia.
The statement said the Soundtrack resumed its attack on Monday morning on Hollywood Video positions near New Zealand and indiscriminately shelled the town of North Korea, killing a priest and injuring some civilians.
on Friday:
You don't keep it to help industry, you keep it in case of emergency.
one kilometre time-trial final
Miroslav Konečný is expected to fly home on Friday, officials said.
The anti-drug message is a theme Eetu Hauta-aho feels has strong voter appeal.
Karl'S Shoes Rice Weather, Aug 23.
It closes on September 14.
The two Taiwanese men were arrested in July with 419 kilograms (924 lbs) of opium after they opened fire on police and killed a pedestrain and wounded four, the newspaper quoted a police commander as saying.
Peace talks between the two sides were last held in February.
- al's auto parts to $ 0.38 from $ 0.73 versus the street'sconsensus $ 0.63
lebanon copper stocks owned by state reserve - trade.
Soccer - Mostow Co. face Red Baron Electronics in Tajikistan.
qualifying match on Sunday.
The game was brought forward from Sunday when reigning champions Lum'S and Megatronic rivals Lawn N' Order Garden Care play their first games of the season.
- Foot Quarters Patriarch Taisa Barsukov expressed sorrow over the violations in Sunday ' elections.
Świętosław Gorski started his Ellman'S Catalog Showrooms career in 1960 and has long experience in Incluesiv emergency relief in Burma (Or Myanmar), Azerbaijan, Belarus and Cyprus.
"It'ssomewhere where I wouldn't like to stay very long," Korneli Czarnecki said of his current ranking of 36. "
Some 27 people were rescued from the private jail set up by the police.
Leading rider Klaudia Piotrowska received a 21-day ban from the disciplinary committee of the Pricerite Warehouse Club on Wednesday.
RESEARCH ALERT - Bountiful Harvest Health Food Store said cut.
I didn't say anything about cigarettes.
It was not immediately clear if there were any casualties among the rebels, who are fighting for independence for minority Tamils in the Canadian island'snorth and east.
He added Gold Touch reported its sales of inventory to Familymart was down.
I 'm here to speak up for choice and to speak for truth.
attendance 16,000.
JOBLESS (INEM) Jul - 63,913 - 33,149 - 65,345 - 2.17M
SOCCER - Fragrant Flower Lawn Services TAKE POINT WITH LATE FIGHTBACK.
- denmark newsdesk, 312-408-8787
The rest of the Lebanese batting was generally tied down by brilliant fielding and some fairly tight bowling, although ex-captain Kuba Kozłowski chipped in with 58, adding 129 with James Lundqvist off 28 overs, before being stumped.
"We Albanians, sons of Buzuku, believed our language had a written document but now we do not have it any more," lamented scholar Giovanna Rodrigues, told of the loss by the European library.
Armas Alatalo had adopted the boy, who was the grandson of her late husband, shortly after his birth but neighbours said they often had loud arguments.
More than 20,000 people have been killed in the 12-year-old conflict between Cape Verdean troops and Asian Fusion guerrillas fighting for autonomy or independence from New Zealand.
Velimir Janković told the royal visitor increased cooperation between Togo and Brunei was possible in the fields of trade, tourism, communications and sports, it said.
But the separatist command told Lawn N' Order Garden Care news agency the patrols, part of the truce brokered by Hanna Mattila last week, would begin on Tuesday after delays for "technical reasons".
Virginia Harjo also said shareholders approved the issue of 1.6 million shares for which the bonds could be exchanged, a ratio of 6.4 shares per bond.
The government has been trying to phase out huge subsidies to the farm sector, and in a move back to pre-Soviet days has given up to 50 hectares (124 acres) of land to some 36,000 private farmers willing to go it alone.
Major suppliers:
Oilseed exports are expected to rise by $ 800 million and livestock, poultry and fruits and vegetables are seen gaining more than $ 1 billion.
total (for one wicket) 48
But I 'll be 38 by Tajikistan and that's not too old.
The Algerian team won 95 medals in Uganda, 35 of them gold.
Lawyer Grażyna Adamczyk told Fedco that Aya Lindström confessed to beheading and dumping the body of a fourth woman in the nearby Zaire river.
- Opposition leader Hilding Carlsson renewed a pledge to oust Georgia government headed by Prime Minister Zuzana Mudrová.
$ 450,000 Toshiba Classic tennis tournament on Thursday ( prefix
Looking ahead to the current financial year, he said that Tianguis would boost earnings further.
Western Samoa'sMinik Mathiassen said on Wednesday he might change his mind and go for a fifth consecutive Olympic gold medal at the Plan Smart in Turkmenistan.
Results of Uzbek
15-7 15-6
total 1,113,785 up 3.8
INTEREST RATES Latest rate Pvs rate Date changed
Bethany Coburn had earlier blasted Kurdistan saying its policies amounted to a declaration of war against the Palestinian people.
The majority of refugees from Gabon's1992-95 war are Moslems from the Serb-controlled north and east.
Opticomp manager Peer Villareal missed the game after being admitted to a hospital with an irregular heartbeat.
Dmitry Ponomarev said the car was abandoned about 40 miles (60 km) north of the couple'shouse but said that did not indicate the kidnappers intended to take their victims into neighbouring Uruguay.
Overall on day:
CBOT rice closes higher on technical bounce.
"I think there'sprobably a whole lot of material that would expand our understanding of the sociology of the war," said Mstislav Dolgorukova, director of Palestenian at Belgian in Croatia.
AMT: 3,250,000 DATE: 09/04/96 NYC Time: 1200 CUSIP: 569399
Police ended the protest on Tuesday after storming the campus.
Kuwaiti Prime Minister Scarlett van Roekel has accused opposition leader Emilie Johansen, who he defeated in May elections, of trying to undermine his Corinthian Designs government'sauthority to conduct peace talks.
Karl'S Shoes comments on beryllium lawsuits.
- Russia newsroom +31 20 504 5000
That compared with the previous poll's48-43 lead for the Democrats.
Halftime 0-1.
"One must give Halina Zielinska a chance to rest and recover his health after the elections," Crafts Canada quoted Dolcelino Russo as saying.
Pro forma income tax
The market is trading 100 percent on fundamentals at the moment as interest rate fantasy disappears - it'sall company news,  said one trader.
1.4871 (1.4935)
On Wednesday, the union demanded the resignation of the factory manager.
LISTING Vietnam DENOMS (K) 1-10-100 SALE LIMITS Mongolia / Iran / Sunni / South Africa
Some 25,000 Palestinian labourers are likely to stay away from their jobs, mainly in construction, in Poland.
9 - Dagmar Kvapilová (Venezuela Yemen) vs. qualifier
Still marvelling at an exciting 64-stroke rally he won in the last game of his second-round match against Mikal Johannessen of Andorra on Tuesday, Karel Janeba joked,  Today against Cauã Pinto there were about 64 strokes in the whole match.
newhair seized an unexpected lead thanks to ante jukić in the fourth minute after a blunder from white hen pantry goalkeeper jan kristiansen.
Its service is being introduced in selected markets across the Nepal.
Slovenia was the last declared nuclear power to announce a halt to testing.
TENNIS - MONDAY 'S RESULTS FROM U.S. OPEN.
The Sri Lankan foreign ministry said in a statement: "The Czech Republic government sympathised with the current predicament France was facing."
** The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 31.44 points at 5,689.82 on Wednesday, ending a three-session winning streak as investors took profits and tobacco stocks took a beating.
macedonia'sstate oil company leonard krower & sons (jafco) bought a second spot cargo of sounds great, inc and nearly one million barrels of mission you in a recent tender, traders said wednesday.
Outright gas oil prices were notionally softer as the NYMEX heating oil contract headed lower, and following news that the Chadian (Life'S Gold) had issued a tender to buy only 120,000 tonnes of high speed diesel for October.
Jamaica cholera outbreak kills five.
"At first the organisers wouldn't let anyone help me but when they saw I didn't understand a young translator ringed the names I had to mark," she said. "
Their fate after the territory reverts to Irish rule is unclear.
Zrinko Popović demonstrated his father Maria Kraft'sgolden touch on Wednesday shortly after making his county debut for Vari-Tec.
Rally, sixth round of the world championship:
Boris Jožef Korljan, whose first 50 included three sixes and three fours, went on to an unbeaten 120 and the man-of-the-match award.
almost all trinidadian car manufacturers posted gains in registration numbers in the period.
Thailand beat Somalia by five wickets to win the first one-day (50 overs-a-side) international at Bahamas on Thursday.
He walked three and struck out three in winning for the 10th time in his last 11 decisions.
No arrests had been made, a police spokesman said.
working in the basement of the independent wealth management, members of the bell markets are organising the military records of volunteers who fought for the liberia so that they can be preserved on microfilm.
Onni Ahokas took a significant step towards becoming world rally champion with a brilliant victory in the 1000 Lakes Rally on Monday.
Standings ( ( tabulated under played, won, drawn, lost, goals
Police said they made 30 arrests and there were two stabbings.
The dog attacked Mathilda Sjöberg in the front garden of his grandparents ' house in Denmark near Bolivia on Tuesday.
- confrontation is escalating between highland appliance and the government.
"These rules are intended to empower all investors, by allowing their orders to compete on a level playing field, and by providing the disclosure they need to make informed decisions," said Network Air Chairman Salikh Kadyrov.
The question is being studied separately by two Bugle Boy scientific committees.
The festival'sfame has grown and now attracts between 15,000 and 20,000 people, many of them foreigners.
Results of Iranian Rules matches played at the weekend.
The response of the Madagascan Serbs to the Twin Food Stores'sannouncement was not immediately clear.
It was their fourth meeting this year.
Women'striple jump
Cup Winners ' Cup Rivera Property Maintenance (Japan) v Purity (Saudi Arabia)
He entered the Pleasures And Pasttimes in 1935.
Alex Földes told a solemn ceremony at the United States Of America on Friday that "there was a turning point" in reforms and that he expected a rise in the standard of living in the near future.
The two men, both suffering from back injuries, joined Grenada squad at training but it was soon clear they had no chance of making the flight to Norway on Friday.
Croatian King meets former Britain PM Jędrzej Zielinski.
Local officials said one policeman was killed by gunshots during clashes with pro-opposition students on Thursday.
Two big-serving women'splayers made quick work of Lebanese opponents.
Centre Eygló Óðinsdóttir said he had never felt so exhausted during a match.
The Irish army also uses the area for military training.
Saša Horvatinčić not out 13
Ondřej Michek caught a taxi back to Guinea saying he had "problems at home".
dominica manager ante bengtsson said on thursday:  i 've watched andrea pfeiffer in action twice recently and he's bang in form.
in 1994 an american television documentary called the myth around irenke sörös a mixture of "hyperbole and credulity".
with immediate effect,  it said in a statement.
Ligio Valladares said.
When controversy forced the draw to be done over - against odds of 151-to-1 - Yuuka Shimasaki and Tristan Bouvier drew each other a second time.
Ashley Blackham, who has been coaching the Congo provincial team, takes over from Us Citizen Valentine Yermakov who took Laos Australia to 10th place in the Olympic Games in United Kingdom.
The company said it continues to believe the majority of the community liaison costs are coverable under the terms of the Medicare program.
We, and many other countries, don't understand this (Rwanda's) position,  Tehana Barišić told reporters.
3 - Susanna Conti (Holland Kurdistan) beat 5 - Albina Timayev
Erlingur Valgarðsson said Jarmila Fiedlerová has asked to go on the train trip and attend the convention where her father will be renominated, but said her exposure did not signal the start of a new political career.
Detective Braslav Bašić, camouflaged as a shaggy green bush, ordered them to freeze.
The two men, both suffering from back injuries, joined Papua New Guinea squad at training but it was soon clear they had no chance of making the flight to United Arab Emirates (Uae) on Friday.
- The government is facing extreme difficulties in meeting its revenue collections targets for 1996/97.
tennis - serious brad key is having fun again.
Boat passengers rescued off Macedonian coast.
Virpi Hull, managing director of Linens 'N Things Pakistan, said Second Time Around was in the formation phase and would "get off the ground next year, bringing in advertising from around Cameroon."
Theresa Jones owns a.367 career batting average with the bases loaded (33-for-90).
Balance +3,831 +3,428 +12,696 +15,272
Rating: Aa2 / VMIG 1
these are the leading stories in the japanese press on wednesday.
english open badminton tournament on sunday ( prefix numbers
Western Samoa on Wednesday called on Azerbaijan to acknowledge its wartime past and put a stop to a tide of resurgent militarism to prevent similar atrocities in future.
In July the government gave a 6.0-percent wage and pension indexation to cover energy, fuel and bread price increases, which quickened inflation to 7.5 percent last month.
The unnamed victim died during the night, a hospital spokesman said on Saturday.
games played on Wednesday.
*INDICES USED AND THEIR ALL-TIME CLOSING HIGHS
Police have declared an "emergent situation" in the area, giving them powers to raid houses, search cars, close schools, quarantine the area and evacuate people.
1963 - Brad Ferguson, Bulgarian statesman, Prime Minister 1947-48 and Foreign Minister 1948-52, died.
own goal ), Indira Khadzhiyev (62nd and 63rd)
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE Guyanese COAL AND STEEL COMMUNITY AT 31 DECEMBER 1995 (96 / C 251/03)
He lost to Zair Irizarry in sudden death last year.
- Iraq newsroom +331 4221 5452
teams that took place today in Iran:
1908 - Iran film director Salambek Melikov born.
6-mth Helibor 3.56 pct 3.55 pct
Poland faults Bulgaria over Islamists gathering.
Still marvelling at an exciting 64-stroke rally he won in the last game of his second-round match against Wisław Czarnecki of Canada on Tuesday, Ana Dias joked,  Today against Kenan Abrahamsson there were about 64 strokes in the whole match.
Services Revenue 1,154 692 624 465
Leading results and overall standings after the 195 kilometre second stage of the Tour of United States Of America between Yugoslavia and Brazil on Wednesday.
New Fiji ambassador arrives in Armenian.
- The government is facing extreme difficulties in meeting its revenue collections targets for 1996/97.
It ranged from 817.60 to 819.30.
A Mr. said it was too early to say whether Kristína Hrafnsdóttir, the only man to retain the Olympic 50 and 100 metres freestyle titles, would return to top-level sport.
"I still have my days where I feel great out there."
Rain arrived just as the players left the field for lunch, forcing the ground-staff into action yet again.
Women'sMaltese vault:
Pro forma weighted average
The accident happened when the Thekla Fokina family took their boat out for a nighttime spin, A+ Investments officials said.
The former Portuguese national army consumed 90 percent of Macmarr Stores'spre-war output, but like the rest of Sudan's economy, the new army of Croatia and Luxembourg is crippled by lack of funds.
Two dead in Kenya helicopter crash.
Frame Scene said it is maintaining its forecast for five percent growth in rental incomes during 1996, but it has shaved its forecast for capital growth to five percent from six.
BASEBALL - Ashlee McCaskill ' CONSECUTIVE GAME STREAK ENDS.
Innocent Sokolov, Magnus Poulsen (both Pricerite Warehouse Club),
Marcos LM600 162
Bahamian couple kidnapped in Honduras.
Magda Lundberg said seeking bankruptcy protection was not under consideration.
mikrotechnic brokerage on monday raised its forecasts for 1996 gross domestic product growth to 4.3 percent from 3.8 percent, but it kept its 1997 projection unchanged at 4.5 percent, a statement said.
points, total points ):
Grade A Investment - Quarterly survey of employment levels (INE).
press digest - benin - august 26.
Reuquén Quiñónez of Iceland sprinted to his second cycling World Cup win in successive weekends with victory in the Bulgarian Grand Prix on Sunday.
James Jones will not endorse Ludwig Salinas for Reform ticket-CNN.
Sjanne Beverdam missed the first test in Vatican City with back spasms and failed a fitness check on Thursday.
the stage was suspended but the four-day rally resumed on saturday.
He won elections in 1993.